Zoom -- How to join a meeting and Share your screen with Video instructions
Video Instructions
https://youtu.be/hIkCmbvAHQQ
Written Instructions
Click on a Join meeting link that you received in the email.
This will open a new tab in your browser.
Zoom meeting links will look like this:
""https://drexel.zoom.us/j/87*******84""
or
""https://us04web.zoom.us/j/76***51?pwd=a0***9""

Click on ""Launch Meeting"".


Click on ""Allow.""
It will automatically open zoom application for you and you'll be in the meeting.


If you get ""Invalid meeting ID"" error,
then it means that the link that you received has
the wrong meeting ID,
or the host of the meeting has already ended meeting for all.
In this case, please reach out to meeting host,
and ask for meeting link again,
or ask host to schedule/make a zoom meeting.
How to Share your Screen - Written
Click the green ""Share Screen"" button on the meeting menu bar

     

or...
Type ""Alt + Shift + S"" (on Windows).
or...
Type ""Command(⌘) + Shift(⇧) + S"" (on Mac).

When the share window appears,
select the source you wish to share,
and then click ""Share"" button from the bottom right.


How to Share your Screen -Video
https://youtu.be/YA6SGQlVmcA"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Zoom -- Audio Issues and Joining by Telephone
Change Windows 10 Speaker Output or Audio Output
Click speaker icon.
Then click ^ icon to choose a different speaker.

Select a speaker option.


Change Zoom Audio Settings Outside of a Meeting
(Windows) Click Start menu & open Zoom app.
(Mac) Press Cmd + spacebar & search for Zoom.

Click your avatar or initials icon & click Settings.|

Click Speaker option, and then Test Speaker.

Click Microphone option, and then Test Microphone.

May want to check video options too.

Quick Fix During a Meeting
No one can hear you? And you are in a Zoom meeting.
Or they can hear you, but you can’t hear them?
Try this.
Make sure you have chosen your headphones, speaker, or microphone.
Follow the number order in screenshot below.
For below, speaker = headphones if you are using headphones.

Still Issues?
Uncheck automatically adjust volume to raise microphone level.
Click “Audio Settings” & *raise* the speaker/headphone volume or microphone volume.
Or click “Switch to Phone Audio” in the screenshot above.
Test and Change Computer Audio Settings
https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us/articles/201362283-Testing-computer-or-device-audio
Join by Telephone
https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us/articles/201362663-Joining-a-meeting-by-phone#h_e4f1ac0b-7a0c-4b14-976e-ccec6ad484b2
Telephone-Only Conference Call?
Schedule a Zoom meeting.
But only share 1 or 2 of the Zoom meeting phone numbers, plus the Meeting ID.
See Zoom -- Scheduling
Phone number & Meeting ID are in the email or calendar invite.
International calls will cost money. International participants should attend by computer only to avoid charges.
Low Volume or Hard-to-Hear Audio?
If you are having trouble hearing a professor due to low audio, or bad audio, one possible work-around solution to try is to download/install the Chrome web browser and install the ""Volume Master"" extension from the Chrome Web Store at the link below.
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/volume-master/jghecgabfgfdldnmbfkhmffcabddioke
We cannot find a similar link for Firefox as of yet. The above link has a good chance of working for other Chrome-based web browsers, such as the new Microsoft Edge and the Brave web browser, as well, which may be less resource intensive on your computer."
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Zoom -- Get Meeting ID and Quality Stats during Meeting
If you need the Meeting ID during a Zoom meeting, click the ""Shield"" icon.

After you click the ""Shield"" icon, you'll see the Meeting ID & Meeting link.
Anyone with the Meeting ID can click ""Join Meeting"" in the Zoom application on Mac, Windows, or a mobile device, and enter the ID, and join Zoom meeting.

After you click the green ""Shield"" icon, you can see stats on the current meeting's use of resources and audio and video use."
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
echo360 -- Turning Downloads Off for your Class
Introduction
Instructors have the option of preventing students from downloading Echo360 recordings of classes.
This will also prevent instructors from being able to download Echo360 recordings.
If an echo360 Class Capture Area is in Your Bb Learn Course Shell
If the left-hand course menu in your Bb Learn course shell does has a ""echo Class Capture"" link, then do the following:
     1. Follow the normal procedure to get to your class's Echo360 recordings.
          (a) If don't know how to do this, or run into any trouble, see the following webpage.
               i. echo360 -- First Use in Bb Learn
     2. On ""DASHBOARD"" page, find the class for which you want to shut off downloads, and click the ""ALL CLASSES"" button in that class's row/section.
          (a) Hover over the class, and the ""ALL CLASSES"" button will no longer be grayed out.
     3. Click ""Settings.""
     4. Click ""Features.""
     5. Uncheck the box for ""CONTENT DOWNLOADS.""
     6. Click ""OK"" in the pop-up window.
If No echo360 Class Capture Area is in Your Bb Learn Course Shell
If the left-hand course menu in your Bb Learn course shell does *not* have a ""echo Class Capture"" link, then do the following:
     1. Login to https://echo360.org in a new internet browser tab or window.
          (a) Your login email address is going to be your long form Drexel email address.
               i. For example: Mike Galloway's long form Drexel email address is michael.j.galloway@drexel.edu.
          (b) Your password is going to be your Bb Learn or DrexelOne password, unless you changed it in Echo360
               i. If you forgot your password, or have password problems, click the ""Forgot your password?"" link on the https://echo360.org webpage.
          (c) 
If you do not know your long form Drexel email address, here's how to find it.
               i. Login to Bb Learn at http://learn.drexel.edu using your DrexelOne username and password.
               ii. Click your name in the upper right corner of the Bb Learn webpage.
               iii. Click ""Settings.""
               iv. Click ""Personal Information.""
               v. Click ""Edit Personal Information.""
               vi. 
Copy your email address.
                    1. Note that you cannot change your email address or password in Bb Learn.
               vii. Click ""Cancel.""
     2. On ""DASHBOARD"" page, find the class for which you want to shut off downloads, and click the ""ALL CLASSES"" button in that class's row/section.
          (a) Hover over the class, and the ""ALL CLASSES"" button will no longer be grayed out.
     3. Click ""Settings.""
     4. Click ""Features.""
     5. Uncheck the box for ""CONTENT DOWNLOADS.""
     6. Click ""OK"" in the pop-up window."
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Zoom -- Closed Captioning and Removing TimeStamps
Introduction
Zoom provides captioning the form of a .vtt file if you record the Zoom meeting (at least for a cloud recording). A .vtt file is a time-stamped plain text file. A plain text file is a file that only has text (letters, numbers, special characters, white space) but no images, gifs, bold, italics, lines, graphics, colors, etc.
But because it is just text, there are good plain text editor programs that let you use something called regular expressions in order to do things like you ask, like removing time stamps.
Sample Zoom VTT Captions FileMac Instructions
On Mac, download a program called BBEdit.
https://www.barebones.com/products/bbedit/download.html
In Bb Edit, click “Search” > “Find”. In the “Find” box, copy from the following, and paste into that box.
Mac regular expression
(WEBVTT)*\n\n\d+\n\d\d:\d\d:\d\d\.\d\d\d --> \d\d:\d\d:\d\d\.\d\d\d\n\w+\s*\w*\s*\w+:
Note: There is an empty space (1 press of the spacebar on your keyboard) right after the \w+: at the end of the line above. Be sure to include that empty space.
In the “Replace” box, click your mouse cursor into the box, and press the spacebar once so there is 1 empty space in the box.
Make sure the “GREP” box is checked.
Click “Replace All.”
Click “View” > “Text Display” > “Soft Wrap”, if you don’t see all the text going down the page.
Select all, and copy/paste the text, now without timestamps, in a Word document
Windows Instructions
On a Windows 10 PC, download a program called Notepad++.
https://notepad-plus-plus.org/downloads/
In Notepadd++, click “Search” > “Find”. Click the “Replace” tab.
In the “Find what” box, copy from the following, and paste into that box.
Windows regular expression
(WEBVTT)*\n\n\d+\n\d\d:\d\d:\d\d\.\d\d\d --> \d\d:\d\d:\d\d\.\d\d\d\n\w+\s*\w*\s*\w+:
Note: There is an empty space (1 press of the spacebar on your keyboard) right after the \w+: at the end of the line above. Be sure to include that empty space.
In the “Replace with” box, click your mouse cursor into the box, and press the spacebar once so there is 1 empty space in the box.
Make sure the “Regular expression” box is checked.
Click “Replace All.”
Click “View” and make sure “Word Wrap” has a check next to it. If not, select “Word Wrap.” That will make all the text appear going down the page.
Select all, and copy/paste the text, now without timestamps, in a Word document."
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Zoom Virtual Walk-In Meetings or Public Links
Be VERY familiar with the contents of the following webpage.
Zoom -- Managing Users, Privacy, and Security Measures

Consider using a Zoom Webinar if hosting large event with 50 or more people.

Email ihelp@drexel.edu to get help setting up a Zoom webinar.
We will work with DU IT's Zoom Admins to get this set up for you.
Let us reach out, as we need to know in case tech support is needed, what the meeting link is

Here are differences between Zoom webinar and a normal meeting.
https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us/articles/115005474943-Meeting-and-webinar-comparison

See wepbage below for more info.
Webinars for Large Virtual Meetings or Talks or Lectures

For walk-ins, schedule a Zoom meeting that reoccurs with No Fixed Time.

Do not use Personal Meeting ID Zoom meetings for any large meetings, or if you publicly post your Zoom meeting link.

Enter as Host or Co-Host.
So you can remove, mute, or manage participants.

Use the Waiting Room feature.
Pick & choose 1-4 or more specific people at a time to enter the meeting.
Move people back to waiting room at any time.
Waiting Room to Manage Office Hours Attendance
Know how to remove participants completely from a Zoom meeting.
https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us/articles/115005759423-Managing-participants-in-a-meeting
“Lock the Zoom Meeting” after meeting starts. Unlock when finished.

Zoom -- Managing Users, Privacy, and Security Measures
Scroll down to ""Lock the Zoom Meeting"" section.

Make the following changes to individual scheduled Zoom meetings.
Login to https://drexel.zoom.us
Click ""Meetings.""
Click the meeting.
Scroll down and click “Edit this Meeting.”
Scroll down to and disable ""Only authenticated users can join meetings.""
Disable “Only authenticated users can join meetings from Web client.""
Click “Save” to save changes.
You won’t be able to have any non-Drexel people otherwise.
When you or someone else posts the Zoom hyperlink
or web link in social media or a public website,
try to make sure the text of the hyperlink or link is a real word or phrase, such as
Virtual Walk-In Hours (just an example)
or the like,
and not something with the actual Zoom URL, such as
https://drexel.zoom.us/meeting/9999999999 (just an example)

If not possible, disregard this, but this can help.
While it’s a minor hurdle to any black hat hacker who actually knows what they are doing,
most will take the path of least resitance.
Also, the bots used to search for Zoom links in public spots often only looks for text rather than links."
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Zoom -- Mute or Unmute All, Manage Large Classes or Events
Note
Hosts can click “Mute All” at bottom of participants panel in Zoom.
Mute All
Click “Participants” or ""Manage Participants"" to open “Participants” panel.
Click ""Mute All"" at bottom of ""Participants Panel.""
Let participants unmute themselves?
For large meetings:
Recommend unchecking ""All participants can unmute themselves"" checkbox.

For small meetings:
Recommend checking ""All participants can unmute themselves"" checkbox.
Click ""Continue.""
Unmute All
Click “Participants” or ""Manage Participants"" to open “Participants” panel.
Click ""Unmute All"" at bottom of ""Participants Panel.""
Click ""Continue.""
Tips for Managing Large Classes or Groups
When you mute everybody, you can uncheck a box to forbid students/participants to unmute themselves.
Let students know in each class by typing in the chat that you muted everyone
and that they cannot unmute themselves (until you ask for questions).
You can unmute all to allow students to ask questions when you are at a question time.
Or you can selectively unmute students in the Participants panel
who indicate in the chat that they have a question that needs a microphone.

Click Participants and Chat to open those panels when you are ready to take questions,
ask students to post in chat if they have a question
Verbally respond to short questions asked in the chat.
And unmute students who say they have a longer questions.
And just verbally guide students when it’s the question period.
Ask “Who has a question?
Ask short questions in chat,
or say in chat: ""If you want to take the mic, speak up in chat, and I’ll unmute you.”
If someone complains, mention that online meetings often end up with someone typing on a keyboard
or having sounds in the background that everyone in the meeting can hear
and is very distracting for anyone else listening in.
And it's hard to find the specific person,
and they sometimes take a long time to mute themselves,
and it disrupts the class further to ask and wait for someone to mute themselves.
So muting everyone is a way to quickly deal with that.
Rephrase the above as you wish, of course.
Additional Instructions
https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us/articles/203435537-Mute-All-And-Unmute-All"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
echo360 -- Troubleshooting a Flashing Video Feed
Rush 209 is infamous for intermittently developing an issue where either the computer display video feed or the room video feed in echo360 live broadcasts and recordings flashes (turns off and on).
Usually, only video one feed does this at a time.
We've never figured out a long term solution, but doing the following seems to solve the issue for awhile.
First, try rebooting the echo360 device, if possible. Then do the following. The podium key is needed to do this.
For how to reboot an echo360 device, see the following webpage.
echo360 -- Rebooting echo360 Devices in CCI Classrooms
If rebooting does not work, then do the following:
Get the podium key.
Open up the back of the podium in the CCI classroom.
SC 326 has a small server rack in an equipment room outside the classroom.
Look for the echo360 device.
   (a) The words ""echo360"" are on the back and front of the device.
Look for two cords going into two video input ports on the Echo360 device.
   (a) One is labeled ""Primary Display/Secondary Video""; the other, ""Primary Video/Secondary Display.""
         Below are the two video inputs ports.

         

         

Unplug the video cords and plug them into the opposite video input ports.
   (a) The cord that was plugged into ""Primary Display/Secondary Video"" should now be plugged into ""Primary Video/Secondary Display,"" and vice-versa.
See if that resolves the issue.
   (a) Ask the instructor to check with the students watching the live broadcast.
   (b) Or ask the CO-OP, or someone with admin echo360 access. to check the live broadcast, or make a test live echo360 broadcast and/or recording.
If the issue is resolved:
   (a) Close up and lock the back of the podium.
   (b) Put the podium key back where it belongs.
If the issue is not resolved:
   (a) If you don't know, ask instructor or CO-OP or someone if students are having problems with the computer display video feed or room video feed.
   (b) If students are having problems with the computer display feed:
            i.    Switch the video input cords again, and make sure the students are getting computer display feed without flashing.
            ii.   If you cannot get the computer display feed to work after switching back, or if both feeds are having a problem, reboot the echo360 device.
                     1.  For how to reboot an echo360 device, see the following webpage.
                             (a) echo360 -- Rebooting echo360 Devices in CCI Classrooms
            iii.  Wait 5-10 minutes for the echo360 device to fully boot up again.
   (c) Tell the instructor that there's nothing else you know to do to resolve the issue, and that you'll have to elevate it to the CO-OP or full time CCI technical staff.
            i.   If live feed is needed, ask the instructor if they want to use the Blackboard Ultra virtual conferencing tool through Bb Learn. Instructions for this are at the webpage below if they do.
                    1.  Bb Collaborate Ultra
https://docs.cci.drexel.edu/display/CD/Bb+Collaborate+Ultra
Close up and lock the back of the podium when finished.
Put the podium key back where it belongs.
Report the issue in a HelpDesk ticket, and if possible, directly to the CO-OP."
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Zoom -- Record without Participant or Student Names
You can disable participants’ names & thumbnail video
if/when they share their screen or talk in Zoom cloud recordings
by doing the following.
Thumbnail video = minimized video showing participant sharing video.
*2* helpful screenshots beneath instructions below.
Here are the Instructions.
Visit https://drexel.zoom.us , and login.
Click “Settings” in left navigation.
Click “Recording” tab.
Under “Cloud Recording” & “Advanced cloud recording settings,”
uncheck “Display participants’ names in the recording.”
And uncheck “Record thumbnails when sharing.”
We also recommend to…

Uncheck “Record gallery view with shared screen.”

Uncheck “Gallery view”
under the checked “Record active speaker, gallery view, and shard screen separately.”

Scroll down & click “Save.”
Screenshot #1 of 2


Screenshot #2 of 2"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
echo360 -- Accessing Lecture Recordings Outside of Bb Learn -- Instructors Only
Login to echo360 at https://echo360.org using your long form Drexel email address and your DrexelOne or Bb Learn password.
   (a) You will likely be provided your long form email address if these instructions are shared with you.
   (b) If you have login issues, click the link below for help.
            i.    Your login email address is going to be your long form Drexel email address.
                     1.  For example: Mike Galloway's long form Drexel email address is michael.j.galloway@drexel.edu. Yours may not include the middle initial and may include numbers.
            ii.   Your password is going to be your Bb Learn or DrexelOne password, unless you changed it in echo360
                     1.  If you forgot your password, or have password problems, click the ""Forgot your password?"" link on the https://echo360.org webpage.
            iii.  If you do not know your long form Drexel email address, here's how to find it.
                     1.  Method 1: Visit the Drexel Directory webpage below, and look your long form Drexel email address up using your name in last name, first name format for the search terms.
                             (a)  http://drexel.edu/about/contact/
                     2.  Method 2:
                             (a)  Login to Bb Learn at http://learn.drexel.edu using your DrexelOne username and password.
                             (b)  Click your name in the upper right corner of the Bb Learn webpage.
                             (c)  Click ""Settings, then ""Personal Information,"" then ""Edit Personal Information."" Copy your long form Drexel email address. Click ""Cancel.""
                             (d)  Note that you cannot change your email address or password in Bb Learn.

Click your name or email address in the upper right of the echo360 webpage.
Make sure the word ""Instructor"" appears over the ""Change"" web link in the pop-up window.
   (a) If you do not see the word ""Instructor,"" click ""Change,"" click the 2nd drop-down menu, select ""Instructor,"" and click ""OK.""
            i.    Make sure the word ""Instructor"" appears over the ""Change"" web link in the pop-up window.
                 

            ii.   If you do not see the word ""Instructor,"" click ""Change.""
                   

            iii.  Click the 2nd drop-down menu, select ""Instructor,"" and click ""OK.""
                   Click ""DASHBOARD"" at the top left.

Click the ""Term"" drop-down menu, and select the appropriate term.

Click ""ALL CLASSES"" in the same row/area for whichever class's recordings you want to watch.

Click the date of the recording.

Click to allow/activate/run flash or other plugins (if prompted).

Close the ""Notes"" panel by clicking the X in the upper right.
If either the video or computer display video feeds are taking up the whole webpage, and you want a larger view of the other video feed, click the other video feed in the lower right-hand corner.
Computer display video feed is enlarged in screenshot below. In echo360, click the room video feed in lower-right hand corner to switch to that feed.

Room video feed is enlarged in screenshot below. In echo360, click the computer display video feed in lower-right hand corner to switch to that feed.

To exit the recording when finished:
   (a) Move mouse over the recording video window. Click menu icon in upper left. Click ""Exit Classroom.""
To log out of echo360:
   (a) Click your name in upper right. Click ""LOGOUT."""
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
echo360 -- Troubleshooting
echo360 -- Troubleshooting a Flashing Video Feed
echo360 -- Troubleshooting Live Broadcast Issues
echo360 -- Troubleshooting on a mobile device
echo360 -- Troubleshooting Recording Playback Issues"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Troubleshooting Gather.Town
Use Google Chrome
Google Chrome is most supported web browser for Gather.Town.
Choose Different Mic or Speaker or Camera
Click Settings gear (left panel).
Click User.
Choose different inputs for microphone, speaker, or camera.
Reset Position
Can solve issues where you do not see what others see or cannot find everyone, especially if you revisit a Gather.Town space.
Click name at bottom.
Click Reset Position.
Respawn (and then Reload)
Can solve issues where you do not see what others see or cannot find everyone, especially if you revisit a Gather.Town space.
Click Settings gear (left panel).
Click User.
Scroll down.
Click respawn.
Still issues? Reload webpage.
Respawn Screenshot 1

Respawn Screenshot 2"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Zoom -- Virtual Backgrounds
Introduction
You can use an image or movie in place of what is normally showing behind you when you share video in Zoom.
You do NOT need a green screen, but you can use one, or use any solid color material behind you, if you wish.
How to Add a Zoom Virtual Background -- in 5 Steps
Open the Zoom app on your computer.
a. Mac: Open a Finder window and click Applications folder, and look there. Or do a Spotlight Search using the Command and spacebar key combination (or Cmd and spacebar key combination, or ⌘ and spacebar key combination).
b. Windows: Go to Start menu or Windows menu, and search for Zoom, or look under Z in the list of all Applications or Programs.
Only if you are asked to sign in: click ""Sign in with SSO"" or ""SSO Sign in with SSO, & then type in ""drexel"" (no quotes) next to "".zoom.us"" and ""Continue,"" and click in your web browser to ""Open zoom.us"" or ""Open Zoom,"" and then login on the Drexel Connect webpage with Drexel userid and password.Click your initials (or avatar image) in upper right & then click ""Settings.""
If you want to add your own Virtual Background, click the + sign, and then ""Add Image"" and ""Add Video,"" and upload your image or video (see More Tips below).
If you want to choose from the pre-existing Virtual Backgrounds, or from one you already loaded, choose one of the images under ""Choose Virtual Background.""
         
Once you choose a Virtual Background, it will instantly appear as soon as you show video of yourself in a Zoom meeting, or instantly if you are showing video of yourself.
You can close the ""Settings"" window now.
Change or Disable Virtual Background in a Zoom Meeting
Follow the steps indicated in screenshot below.
Then click ""None"" for no background. Or choose one of your other Zoom Virtual Backgrounds.
              
More Tips
""Mirror my video"" checkbox (shown above) can help make text that reads backwards read correctly, but check with someone in a Zoom meeting for how the text reads.
Images should be 16:9 aspect ratio and 1280 x 720. PNG or JPG images work fine. Or just try it out (unless it's a really, really big file). 
Videos should be MP4 or MOV with a minimum resolution 360p (480 x 360 pixels) & maximum resolution of 1080p (1920 by 1080 pixels). Or just try it out (unless it's a really, really big file). 
If you use your background image or movie with a very large meeting or that is open to the public, be sure you have the rights to use the image. 
If you use a green screen or other solid-color backdrop use (not required):
Your clothing should not be the same color as your green screen or other solid-color backdrop.
You also may not get much added benefit from flattening or straightening out or smoothing out any green screen or other solid-color backdrop, but feel free to try.
To enable use in Zoom of green screen or other solid-color backdrop, follow steps below.
Not shown: After doing steps below, your mouse pointer becomes a plus sign (cross hairs, really), and you can click the color in your video you want to use as your green screen or solid-color backdrop color.
         

Drexel CCI Zoom Background:
If you would like to use the Drexel CCI Zoom background, it can be found here
Go to the following link: https://drexel.edu/cci/about/cci-community-resources/
Scroll down to ""For CCI Faculty and Professional Staff""
Open the third link labeled ""Drexel CCI Zoom background"" and download the image.
Follow the steps at the top of this page to set your Zoom background.
Note: This is a sample image. Follow the instructions above to download the full size image."
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Zoom -- Hosting a Drexel Zoom Meeting
Be Familiar with Joining a Zoom Meeting
Click link below if you need to get familiar with joining a Zoom meeting.
Zoom -- Joining a Zoom Meeting -- INCLUDE
Video Overview
https://1513041.mediaspace.kaltura.com/media/Zoom+Overview+for+TA%27s+and+Instructors+-+September+2020+PUBLIC/1_9wpezg2v
Hosting -- Specific Topics
You only need to sign in as a Host if you want to record a meeting, mute/unmute all, or use breakout rooms.
ALL Drexel students, professional staff, instructors, and faculty have a Drexel Pro Zoom account and can host their own Zoom meetings.
Zoom -- Managing Users, Privacy, and Security Measures
Zoom -- FAQs
Zoom -- Maximum Attendees
Zoom -- Adding Co-Hosts or Alternate Hosts
Zoom -- Claim Host Role during a Meeting
Zoom -- Click your own Zoom Link and Enter as Host or Drexel Account
Zoom -- Group Work or Breakout Rooms
Zoom -- iPad, iPhone, iOS, or Android Screen Share
Zoom -- Login or Registration or Redirect Issues
Zoom -- Post Your Photo
https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us/articles/201363203-Customizing-your-Profile
Zoom -- Mute All or Unmute All, Manage Large Classes or Events
Only hosts can Mute/Unmute All.
Zoom -- Recording
Zoom -- Scheduling
At meeting time, go to Drexel Zoom at https://drexel.zoom.us >
Sign In Standard > login > Meetings > click your scheduled meeting.
See Joining a Zoom Meeting section above for help with audio or screen sharing.
Zoom -- Waiting Room to Manage Office Hours Attendance
Zoom -- Unscheduled Zoom Meeting
Follow below instructions.
Visit https://drexel.zoom.us > Sign In Standard > login >
HOST A MEETING > With Video Off (or On, your choice) >
Enter name and email (if prompted) > Join With Computer Audio.
Zoom -- 2nd Webcam and Writing
Zoom -- Attendance - use Usage Reports
PowerPoint presenter view while Zoom screen share and show chat
Advanced Topics
Zoom -- Advanced Instructions
zoom--Using sidecar on Mac and iPad using mirrored display
zoom--Tips on using PowerPoint with Zoom"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Zoom -- Sharing Online Recordings for Others to Upload or Store
NOT RECOMMENDED!!!!
EXCEPT AS A WAY TO TRANSFER FILE COPY OF RECORDING FOR OTHERS TO USE IN MORE PERMANENT STORAGE AREA.
Such as Kaltura Drexel Streams at https://drexel.edu/it/streams .
For more on Kaltura Drexel Streams, which is also available to all students, faculty, and staff at Drexel see link below.
Adding Media to Bb Learn via Kaltura or Drexel Streams
or...
Sharing Kaltura Audio or Video with Non-Drexel Users or Share with Anyone
Also, see
Zoom -- Recording
That said, to share Zoom online recordings...
CLICK IN NUMBER ORDER in SCREENSHOT BELOW
to share a Zoom video for someone else to download.
Number given on arrow.
Note: For 6, follow 6a, then 6b, then 6c.
IMPORTANT!
Do not keep Zoom videos in Zoom for more than 18 weeks.
They will be deleted after 18 weeks.
Email sent first, purportedly, but don't count on that!

Do not put links to Zoom recordings in your Bb Learn course section.
Any Zoom links older than 18 weeks will be deleted!

Do not upload MP4 files directly into Bb Learn!
Use Kaltura Drexel Streams method at
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Adding Media to Bb Learn

Sharing with non-Drexel users?
For Arrow #4 below,
select ""Publicly.""
They still have to have the link to play it.

See: Sharing Kaltura Audio or Video with Non-Drexel Users or Share with Anyone"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Captions
Zoom Automatically Captions Recorded Videos
If using Zoom, Zoom automatically generates captions for recorded videos, but it uses AI to auto-generate transcripts, and the accuracy is not good enough for students who need special accommodations. See link below for more info.
Zoom -- Captions and Transcripts
Captions for a Single Video in Kaltura Drexel Streams
Upload finished videos to Kaltura Drexel Streams first.
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Adding Media to Bb Learn
Once you have a video uploaded.
Login to Kaltura Drexel Streams at https://drexel.edu/it/streams 
Click ""My Media,"" and click the link to your video.
Scroll down to ""ACTIONS"" and click ""+Captions & Enrich.""
Scroll down under ""Order Captions,"" and click ""Submit.""
There is rarely any need to change settings.
This method use AI to auto-generate transcripts, but the accuracy is not good enough for students who need special accommodations to use without it being reviewed by Drexel's Disabilities Resources office first.
Wait 24 hours for captions to appear.
Need to download a transcript? There will be timestamps in it, but you can do the following to get one, after doing the above and waiting for the captions to appear.
Login again to Kaltura Drexel Streams at https://drexel.edu/it/streams  . Click ""My Media,"" and click the link to your video. Scroll down to ""ACTIONS"" and click ""Edit."" Click ""Captions."" Click down-arrow-on-box icon to download captions as a file that can also be used as a transcript. Contact ihelp@drexel.edu if you need help removing the timestamps.
Captions for Multiple Videos
Upload finished videos to Kaltura Drexel Streams first.
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Adding Media to Bb Learn
Once you have a video uploaded.
Login to Kaltura Drexel Streams at https://drexel.edu/it/streams 
Click ""My Media.""
Check the box in front of multiple videos you want captions.
Scroll down to ""ACTIONS"" and click ""+Captions & Enrich.""
Click ""Submit.""
There is rarely any need to change settings.
This method use AI to auto-generate transcripts, but the accuracy is not good enough for students who need special accommodations.
Wait 24 hours for captions to appear.
Need to download a transcript? There will be timestamps in it, but you can do the following to get one, after doing the above and waiting for the captions to appear.
Login again to Kaltura Drexel Streams at https://drexel.edu/it/streams  . Click ""My Media,"" and click the link to your video. Scroll down to ""ACTIONS"" and click ""Edit."" Click ""Captions."" Click down-arrow-on-box icon to download captions as a file that can also be used as a transcript. Contact ihelp@drexel.edu if you need help removing the timestamps.
More Captioning or Transcription Options
LiveTranscribe App -- Android or ChromeOS
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.google.audio.hearing.visualization.accessibility.scribe&hl=en_US
Great transcription app on the Google Play Store, available on ChromeOS Chromebooks & Android or Google cellphones or mobile devices.
Accuracy is not good enough for students who need special accommodations.
Microsoft Word Dictate Tool
If you do not have Microsoft Word on your Mac or Windows computer, everyone at Drexel can download Office 365, which contains Word, by logging in at https://portal.office.com , and clicking the ""Install"" link.
In Microsoft Word, even on Mac, the ""Home"" tab has a toolbar at the top that includes the ""Dictation"" icon. Click the ""Dictation"" icon."" Agree to any terms of use. Then just start talking. Click the ""Dictation"" icon again to stop transcribing. Lean close to the microphone for better results. Accuracy is not good enough for students who need special accommodations.
Google Drive's Documents Voice Typing -- Chrome only on Mac or Windows
You can use this if you make a new Doc or document in Google Drive, and only if you are using the Chrome web browser on Mac or Windows (not sure about Linux or Chrome-variant web browsers like Brave or the new Microsoft Edge).
Go to Google Drive at https://drive.google.com/ , and login. Create a Google account if you do not have a Google account somehow, and then login, if necessary. Once logged in, click ""+ New"" and create a new ""Google Docs"" document. Use a ""blank document."" In the new tab with the new document, click the title of the ""Untitled document,"" and rename it. Click ""Tools"" < ""Voice Typing."" Click the microphone icon. If prompted, click ""Allow"" to let your web browser use the microphone. Start talking. Click the microphone again to stop.
Accuracy is not good enough for students who need special accommodations.
Siri Dictation -- Apple iPad, iPhone, macOS -- Not Recommended
Use Siri for voice dictation on your Mac laptop or your iPhone or iPad.
It is not great.
If you talk at a normal speed without much pause for 20 seconds to a couple minutes, Siri stops writing down what you speak.
Still, if for some reason, you have some issues getting the above working, or you want to just try this, here are directions. Maybe it will work better for you.
If you go this route, we HIGHLY RECOMMEND talking without much pause for a couple minutes, and trying to have someone else do the same.
You’ll need to open up a note on your Mac or iPhone or iOS device or even Word, and then get Siri going.
Directions below.
https://www.diygenius.com/siri-voice-dictation-guide/
Editing Caption Files on your Computer
Captions and Transcriptions -- Editing Caption Files on Your Computer
https://docs.cci.drexel.edu/display/CD/Captions+and+Transcriptions+--+Editing+Caption+Files+on+Your+Computer"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Kaltura Drexel Streams FAQ
Tagged with: kaltura
Drexel Streams -- Drexel's Kaltura Video Repository
Go to https://drexel.edu/it/streams to get to the main Drexel Kaltura or Drexel Streams.
The above link brings you to the primary Drexel Kaltura site to upload and view media.
Add Video to Bb Learn Using Kaltura
You can & absolutely should use Kaltura or Drexel Streams to upload your Zoom cloud recordings in Bb Learn.
If you record to the Zoom cloud using your Drexel account,
you automatically have the recording available in Kaltura Drexel Streams at
https://drexel.edu/it/streams
and within Bb Learn.
Just login with Drexel username and password at
https://drexel.edu/it/streams
and then click ""My Media"" to view them.
And you can do this easily from within Bb Learn.
Or go to a ""Week"" or other content area in Bb Learn.
Use ""Build Content"" > ""Kaltura Media.""
Wait 10-30 seconds & then select your Zoom cloud recording.
Add Zoom cloud recordings to a Bb Learn course section
See ""Simple Instructions"" section at:
Zoom -- Add Videos to Bb Learn using Kaltura Drexel Streams
How do you upload and share media?
To upload media and share it to Blackboard Learn: 
Adding Media to Bb Learn via Kaltura or Drexel Streams
To upload media through Blackboard Learn to Kaltura:
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Adding Audio or Video to a Content Area -- Instructors Only
To upload media and share it with a link:
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Uploading Directly & Making Playable by Anyone with Link
How do you make a quiz in Kaltura?
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Quizzes in Videos
How do you require test before test or assignment?
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Quizzes in Video - Require Before Test or Assignment
How do you make others co-publisher or co-editor of media in Kaltura?
To see more information about different roles: 
Differences in Collaborators on Kaltura
To allow various actions:
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Make Others Co-Editors, Co-Publishers, or Co-Viewers of Videos
How do you allow downloads of media?
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Allow Downloads"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Outlook Plug-in or Add-in for Zoom
Try this 1st
Download and install the Outlook plugin directly from the link below.
https://zoom.us/download
under ""Microsoft Outlook Plugin"".
Click ""Get it now.""
Use Drexel email address and password to login, or the ""Work or School Account"" option to login.
After login, you may need to click ""Get it now"" again.
Then lick ""Continue.""
Click ""Install"" if prompted.
Click ""Open in Outlook Web.""
Close and re-open your installed Outlook application or program if you don't see the change.
IMPORTANT TIPS:
For sign in or login, ALWAYS choose the ""SSO"" or ""Sign in with SSO"" option,
unless you are on the Drexel Connect webpage.
And always use ""drexel.zoom.us""
Or type in drexel before .zoom.us, if asked.
Close and re-open your installed Outlook application or program if you don't see the change.
Try this 2nd
If the 1st method above fails, try this.
Visit https://outlook.office.com in a web browser, and login with Drexel account.
Go to the Calendar area.
Click New event > ... > Get Add-ins.
Type ""zoom"" in the search box. Click ""Zoom for Outlook.""
Click ""Add.""
You will see a ""Get started for Zoom for Outlook"" window. That means you were successful.
Open your installed Outlook application or program.

You will see the ""+ Add a Zoom Meeting"" icon if you make a new calendar event or compose a new email.


If you do not see it, expand the window, or click the small right angle at the far right in the toolbar to scroll right in the Outlook calendar or email toolbar (under ""Appointment"").
If you still do not see the Zoom button in a new appointment or meeting window in Outlook,
Close and re-open your installed Outlook application or program."
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
FlashBack Express - Free Screen Recorder
Installation
The FlashBack Express Free Screen Recorder lets you screen record for free without any time limit.
 Download from here, and install.
https://www.flashbackrecorder.com/express/
Click DOWNLOADS > Flashback Express.
Not ""Pro"" version.
Follow on-screen instructions, BUT...
Avoid the paid version. The end of the installation process has a small link that lets you stick with the free version
Record
Open FlashBack Express.
The Recorder window should appear.

Set the screen ""Record"" drop-down menu at the top says ""Full Screen.""
Check ""Record Sound,"" and make sure both the ""Microphone"" and ""Speakers"" or output checkboxes are checked.
Speak a little and look to see if the green-red bar level indicator to the right moves as you speak. Choose a different microphone (if available) if it does not.
Leave ""Default PC Speakers"" or the like selected.
Check the ""Record Webcam"" box if you want people to see you while you speak.
Then choose the camera.
Then click record.
Do a test recording for 5-10 seconds before your actual recording.
Make your actual recording.
Stop the recording when finished.
Click ""Review"" (when asked to ""Review"" or ""Save"" or ""Discard"" the recording).
Proceed to the Export section below.
Export
Now you need to save the recording and export it in a usable video file format.
Click the ""Export"" button.

In the ""Select Export Format"" Window, choose ""MP4"" or ""MPEG4"". Then click ""OK.""

In the ""Export to MPEG4"" window, make sure ""Export Frames"" is set to ""Whole Movies,"" leave all of the other settings to their default, and click ""Export.""

Save the file to where you want on your computer.
Expect the processing/exporting time to take 3/4 of the time of the actual recording.
You may need to minimize the recorded video in order to see the pause button, or the X in the upper right to close the recording window.
You will need end up with 2 files.
One file is an MPEG4 video file. This MPEG4 video file is what you upload to Kaltura.
The other file will have an icon that looks like an old film video camera. Save this file, but do not upload it to Kaltura
Upload the MPEG4 video file (not the file with the video camera icon) to Kaltura.
Upload a Video or Audio File for VoiceThread
https://voicethread.com/howto/recording-a-comment
Add to Kaltura and then Bb Learn -- Not for VoiceThread
Upload the MPEG4 video file (not the file with the video camera icon on it) to Kaltura.
Follow the instructions below to upload the video to Kaltura and then add the video to your Bb Learn course shell.
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Adding Media to Bb Learn"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Zoom -- Recording
First, Sign in to Drexel Zoom before Recording
See link below.
Generally, just need to check or set this once.
Zoom -- SSO Single Sign-On and Host Sign-In
Record to the Cloud (Online) in Zoom
You can just record yourself in a Zoom meeting your schedule. Or you can record a meeting with others.
Do a 30-second test recording first.
Make sure your mic is picking up sound in the recording.
Make sure you screenshare if you need to demonstrate something on your computer.
Turn on your webcam in Zoom if you need to record yourself.
Below is how to enable/use the cloud/online recording option in Zoom.
https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us/articles/203741855-Cloud-recording
Zoom Auto Copies or Backs-Up to Kaltura
Drexel cloud recordings automatically back up to Kaltura or Drexel Streams (Drexel's video repository)
at https://drexel.edu/it/streams (Drexel Streams = Kaltura).
These videos are also easily accessible from within Bb Learn.
This makes it SUPER EASY to submit videos for assignments.
Manually Adding Zoom Videos Copied to Kaltura
Zoom -- Add Videos to Bb Learn using Kaltura Drexel Streams
Students Submitting Assignments
Embed Kaltura Audio or Video in Any Bb Learn Text Box
Editing Zoom Recordings - Do Not Use Zoom
Zoom's video editing only works when shared from Zoom, not when you download recordings.
For editing, we recommend...
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Edit Video or Video Settings
-or-
OpenShot Video Editor
Then upload to Kaltura or Drexel Streams using Adding Media to Bb Learn via Kaltura or Drexel Streams
Alternate Method -- Share Kaltura or Drexel Streams
Good for sharing outside of Drexel Bb Learn or with non-Drexel people, or if you run into issues with above method. See link below.
Sharing Kaltura Audio or Video with Non-Drexel Users
Also see: Zoom -- Recording -- Share or Download from Zoom or Kaltura Drexel Streams
OPTIONAL --More Tips
Everything below is optional information.
Alternate Method -- Share Kaltura or Drexel Streams
Good for sharing outside of Drexel Bb Learn or with non-Drexel people, or if you run into issues with above method. See link below.
Sharing Kaltura Audio or Video with Non-Drexel Users
Also see: Zoom -- Recording -- Share or Download from Zoom or Kaltura Drexel Streams
Zoom recording taking a long time to process?
Short recordings should process quick.
For long recording, give it 3-6 hours for 2-3 hours of recording.
And ALSO make sure the Host ended the Zoom meeting rather than just left.
To do so, re-enter the Zoom meeting.
Click End > End Meeting for All.
Downloading Online or Cloud Recordings
Here is how to download online or cloud recordings.
Login to https://drexel.zoom.us with DrexelConnect userid & password.
Click the ""Recordings"" link in the left navigation.
Click the link for your recording under ""Topic.""
Click ""Download # Files"" (# will be any number).
   (a) If prompted, click to allow download of multiple files.
Choose where to save each file.
Open downloaded .mp4 files. Make sure your have right ones.
Any Zoom videos kept more than 18 weeks starting June 1, 2020 will be taken down.
(Email sent first, purportedly, but don't count on that!)
Accessing Recordings if Alt Host or Privileged Scheduler
Only the real host can access the recordings. The other 2 can get emails when the recording is ready on the Host's account.
Zoom -- Scheduling for Someone Else -- Recording Access
Captions and Transcript
Zoom -- Captions and Transcripts
Recording to Computer
Recording to the Cloud is still recommended over recording to your computer, as it will save you time and effort, but Zoom has made Recording to the Computer less of an ordeal if the post-meeting processing window and, well, process is closed before finished. Zoom stores pre-processed recordings as .zoom files on your computer on Windows and Mac in the Documents folder in the Zoom folder. Do NOT change the name of the .zoom files. Each .zoom file will have a name similar to ""double_click_to_convert.."" If you do not have an .mp4, mf4a, and/or .m3u files and just .zoom files, just double-click the one or more .zoom files, and let the processing start and finish. The .zoom files will disappear after the conversion is over. Again, we generally recommend Recording to the Cloud, as it's still the easier and more sure method, but it's nice to know Recording to the Computer has been dramatically improved by Zoom.
Recordings are stored locally on the host's computer. You can go into Zoom's settings to find the location of the recording.
Zoom -- Sharing Online Recordings for Others to Upload or Store
Record without Participant or Student Names
Zoom -- Record without participant or student names"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Google Meet
Creating a New Meeting
Navigate to meet.google.com and click New meeting (Ensure you're logged into your Google account).
 Select ""Create a meeting for later"" in order to save the link for a later date, or select ""Start an instant meeting"" to start one instantly.

Make sure to allow your browser to use your Microphone and Camera (Look for a lock right before the URL if it does not pop up automatically).

Inviting People to Your Meeting
Click""Meeting details"" at the bottom of your Meeting.
Click ""Copy joining info"" to copy the meeting link to your clipboard.

More Options
Navigate to the bottom right and click on the vertical three dots to open ""More Options""

a. Here you can find multiple options including settings where you can modify what microphone and video you use for the meeting.

Useful Information
You need a Google account to use Google Meet. Everyone attending and speaking also needs a Google account to use Google Meet. 
Google account signup page - 
https://accounts.google.com/signup/v2/webcreateaccount?hl=en&flowName=GlifWebSignIn&flowEntry=SignUp

Detailed instructions on how to create Google account - 
https://support.google.com/accounts/answer/27441?hl=en&ref_topic=3382296
Some things to know about Google Meet
Google Meet has very low security so please email or send the link to only those who should join the meeting. 
Google Meet meeting hosts cannot explicitly block someone from joining the meeting so, do not share the meeting link publicly.
Google Meet meeting recordings are stored in Google Drive. Everyone with a free Google account will only get 15GB of storage on Google Drive. You can always transfer recordings from Google Drive to Kaltura Drexel Streams to free up storage on Google Drive but, If the meeting is going to be long enough to require more than 15GB of storage to store the recording then Google Meet is not recommended. 
Some helpful Links:
Google Meet homepage  - https://meet.google.com/
YouTube Video on How to Use Google Meet - https://youtu.be/O8Y1vlfpbEU
Google Meet cheat sheet - https://support.google.com/a/users/answer/9300131"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
echo360 -- Screen Recording from a Personal Computer
Introduction
You can screen record from your personal computer, and instantly upload the recording to echo360 using ""Universal Capture: Personal.""
You have to install it first. And then you can use it.
Installation
Find your long-form Drexel email address.
(a) Method 1: Login to https://accounts.drexel.edu with DrexelOne or Drexel Connect userid & password, click ""Continue,"" and look for your ""Official email address"" at the top of the page. It will not be hyperlinked.
(b) Method 2: Look yourself up on on the ""Contact Drexel: Directory"" webpage.
        i. https://drexel.edu/about/contact/
(c) Method 3: If you still cannot find yourself with 100% certainty, contact ihelp@drexel.edu for assistance.
NOTE: When you go to use it, you can type your long-form Drexel email address as all lowercase letters.
Access Echo360 through a Bb Learn course section with an ""echo360 Class Recordings"" link in the left navigation.
Click the ""Access echo360 Recordings for..."" link on the page.
You should now see an echo360 webpage within the Bb Learn course section webpage.
In upper right, click gear icon > ""Account Settings"". Then click ""Create Password"" button. Follow on-screen instructions.
Now, in upper right, click gear icon (again) > ""Downloads."" Click link to download ""Universal Capture: Personal."" Install once downloaded.
Open ""Echo360 Universal Capture"" newly installed in your ""Applications"" or ""Programs"" areas in Mac or Windows.
(a) Look in Finder window > Applications on Mac. Or press Cmd + spacebar, and do a spotlight search for ""Echo360 Universal Capture.""
(b) Click Start menu or Windows key icon in lower right, and search for this application or program, or go to the list of all installed applications or programs.
Login to ""Echo360 Universal Capture"" with your long-form Drexel email address and the password you just created.
How to Use
The screenshot below, pulled from Echo360's website at the link below, encapsulates how to use ""Echo360 Universal Capture.""
When you finish recording, the capture uploads to the course and section you specify. If you cannot find it,
Access Echo360 through a Bb Learn course section with an ""echo360 Class Recordings"" link in the left navigation.
Click the ""Access echo360 Recordings for..."" link on the page.
Click ""Library"" in the upper left, and browse or search for it. New recordings usually appear in the top left, or near the top.
For even more information on how to use ""Echo360 Universal Capture,"" see:
https://learn.echo360.com/hc/en-us/articles/360035408191-Start-a-Recording-with-Universal-Capture#Universal_Capture:_Personal
Screenshot above pulled from this webpage: https://help.echo360.com/hc/en-us/articles/360039980092-Universal-Capture-Personal-Overview"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Zoom -- Invalid Meeting ID or Invalid Meeting Number
If you click a Zoom meeting link,
and you get an error that says something like:
""Invalid Meeting ID"" or ""Invalid Meeting Number,""
here's what to do.
Check the original Zoom meeting link information you were provided in an email or on a website.
Check that the Meeting ID number in the web address of the Zoom link (URL or web address),
or that the Zoom link in general of the web address,
is correct.
If this was in a class, also look in the Bb Learn course section where the link was originally shared.
Again, check that the Meeting ID number or that Zoom link in general of the web address posted in Bb Learn is what you are using.
Sometimes, an instructor or TA may need to change a Zoom link.
And it's possible you missed an email.
Or the instructor or TA didn't get a chance yet to inform you of the changed Zoom link.
Also, try one or more the following:
Sign out of the Zoom app on your computer.
Sign out of Zoom in the web browser
Sign back in at https://drexel.zoom.us/.
Sign into your Zoom app using your Drexel account.
And use the SSO option to sign in.
Enter ""drexel.zoom.us"" if prompted.
Or ""drexel"" (no quotes) before "".zoom.us.""
Then try clicking the Zoom link again.
If you have questions on SSO sign-in for Drexel Pro accounts, see the following:
Zoom -- SSO Single Sign-On and Host Sign-In"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
QuickTime
This webpage simply lists CCI Docs webpage listed on other CCI Docs webpages.
QuickTime -- INCLUDE -- Basics"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Record Screen on iPad, iPhone, or iOS Device
There are a couple methods to record whatever you do on the screen of your iPad, iPhone, or iOS device, along with audio and additional video from your webcam.
Record Screen with Audio using the Control Center Option
Alternative video instructions at bottom of page, but take a look at written instructions & screenshot in step 1 below, as it may be helpful.
Swipe down from the top right on your iPad, iPhone, or iOS device.

Click the white record button, or the circled white dot.

Make sure Microphone button is ON or Red. Tap to turn on.

If you do *not see a Microphone button, you didn't press and hold the Microphone button. The recording will not have audio. Press circled red dot recording button again to stop recording and try again.

Wait for 3-second countdown.

The circled white dot will turn into a circled red dot.
That means the recording has started.

Press iPad/iPhone Home button. Or swipe up.
Navigate to the apps you wish to use in your recorded demonstration or presentation.
To write/draw on your iPad or iPhone, see link below.
Write or Draw on your iPad or iPhone or iOS Device
Any app you have that you can write/draw with on your iPad or iPhone will work as well.
To stop recording, tap red bar at top. Then tap ""Stop Recording.""
The video will be uploaded to your Apple iCloud account on the Photos page.
Apple iCloud Photos webpage
https://www.icloud.com/photos/
To set-up iCloud on iPhone or iPad?
https://www.imore.com/how-set-customize-icloud-your-iphone-ipad-and-mac
To Download Video from iCloud to your Mac or Windows computer? See video below.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b6gyiTyzWtA
Video -- Record Screen with Audio using the Control Center Option
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DaSFGZq_ycE
Troubleshooting
Older iPads
On iOS 11? See link below.
https://www.imore.com/how-use-control-center-iphone-or-ipad#accesshome
On iOS 10 and earlier? See link below for an alternative method for recording from your iPad or iPhone's screen.
Record Screen on iPad, iPhone, or iOS Device -- Older Alternative Method"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
First Time Use of Gather.Town
Video Instructions -- 1 minute, 39 seconds
Use of Google Chrome HIGHLY recommended for use with Gather.Town.
And watching short video below first.
https://1513041.mediaspace.kaltura.com/media/Gather.Town+-+First+Time+Tutorial/1_33k5yis8
Walk Around
⬅︎➡︎⬆︎⬇︎ arrow keys
Hear or See Someone, Talk with Someone
Walk near them.
Or walk to same floor color area as presenter.
View Poster or Presentation
Walk to same floor color area as poster or presentation.
& press X key
Stop Viewing Poster or Presentation
esc or Escape key
Walk Through Someone -- Like a Ghost
Press & hold G key
Dance
Press & hold Z key
Change Name
Click your name at the bottom.
Click Edit.
Change your name.
Click X.
Follow Someone
If they move, you move with them.
Click 
Click person's name.
Click Follow.
Locate Someone on Map
Get a path to follow to find someone.
Click 
Click person's name.
Click Locate on map.
Spotlight Someone
Make sure you always hear & see them.
Click 
Click person's name.
Click Spotlight.
Change Character Appearance
Click character at bottom.
Turn on Quiet Mode
Only see and hear people next to you.
⌘ and U (Mac)
Ctrl and U (Windows)
Or click name at bottom & click Turn on Quiet Mode.
Mute Your Camera and Microphone
Find your video (lower right).
Click tiny mic & camera icon.
Screenshare (if Presenting)
Enter a colored space or square.
Click the monitor icon at bottom.
Troubleshooting
Troubleshooting Gather.Town"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Windows Computer Access via Microsoft Remote Desktop
Microsoft Remote Desktop -- Mac access to Windows computer
Microsoft Remote Desktop -- Set up Win PC for Remote Desktop access through Mac
Microsoft Remote Desktop -- Windows Access to a Windows Computer
Microsoft Remote Desktop -- Set up Win PC for Remote Desktop access
Troubleshooting Remote Desktop"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Adding Media to Bb Learn via Kaltura or Drexel Streams
Tagged with: kaltura kaltura media drexel streams kaltura quiz
Introduction
Kaltura Drexel Streams is the recommended video and audio repository for Bb Learn or any Drexel videos. One Kaltura audio or video file in Bb Learn can be shared in multiple different Bb Learn course sections, conserving server storage space. And Kaltura video is easily playable by students and instructors in the major internet browsers.
IMPORTANT!!!!!
Do NOT link to Zoom cloud recordings! They are deleted in 18 weeks.
ONLY use Kaltura Drexel Streams when uploading videos to Bb Learn.
Do NOT upload videos directly to Bb Learn!
It slows down Bb Learn & costs the university MUCH more money.
Simple Instructions
Go to your Bb Learn course section.
Enter a ""Week"" or other content area.
Click ""Build Content"" > ""Kaltura Media.""
Wait 5-10 seconds.
Select your video.
Or...
Click ""+Add Media"" and upload media.
Follow the on-screen instructions.
Example of a content area.
Many content areas are ""Week 1"" or ""Week 2"" or similar.

More In-Depth Instructions
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Adding Kaltura Audio or Video to a Content Area -- Instructors Only
Add to a Text Box:
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Embed Kaltura Audio or Video in Any Bb Learn Text Box
Video Tutorials on using Kaltura or Drexel Streams
DU IT's/ITG's VIDEO TUTORIALS on Kaltura or Drexel Streams
Uploading Directly to Drexel Streams -- Playable by Anyone with Link
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Uploading Directly to Drexel Streams -- Playable by Anyone with Link
Video Assignments in Bb Learn
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Video Assignments or Discussion Board Posts in Bb Learn
Student Instructions
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Adding Media to Bb Learn -- Student Instructions
Allow Download of Videos
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Allow Downloads
Light Video Editing in Kaltura Drexel Streams
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Edit Video or Video Settings
Drexel ITG Resources
https://drexel.edu/it/help/a-z/kaltura/tutorials/
Other Useful Topics
Recording Video on a Computer and Adding to Bb Learn -- aka Screen Record
Kaltura Capture
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Finding Your Kaltura Audio or Video After It Is Uploaded
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Sharing Kaltura Audio or Video with Non-Drexel Users
Captions
Troubleshooting
Check the status of the Kaltura service at the website below.
https://status.kaltura.com/
If you have issues uploading, try the following.
Simply try again.
Try in a different web browser.
If the video is more than 1 GB, try splitting the video into 2 parts.
Use free Handbrake app to convert the video to a smaller size & widely accepted formats (as well as encoding)
Handbrake -- Smaller Video File Size or Converting Video
If working from home...
At least 25 Mbps download and 5 Mbps upload are recommended, if possible.
Slower upload speeds could lead to timeouts with very large video files.
Keywords: Kaltura, Kaltura, Kaltura, Kaltura"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- No Full-Screen in Firefox in Blackboard (Bb) Learn
This bug has been reported, but you probably won't be able to use the full-screen option with Kaltura videos, unless you do the following first.
Enter the Bb Learn course section where the video is.
Right-click or control-click or 2-finger click the course number in the upper left.
a. Then open the course number link in a New Tab or New Window.

Now try to play the Kaltura video at full-screen size."
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Zoom -- Adding a Password to Existing Meeting
It is possible to add a password to your Zoom office hours, or to any existing Zoom meeting.
If you already created a Zoom meeting for your office hours,
1. Then edit the existing Zoom meeting in ""Meetings"" area after signing into to https://drexel.zoom.us .
Zoom -- Support CCI
2. click on meetings and scroll up, then at the bottom click on edit.

3. check the passcode and save changes.


4. If you do not see your Zoom office hours meeting there, look in the ""Meetings"" area on https://drexel.zoom.us
Zoom -- Support CCI after login for ""Personal Room"" & click that. ""Personal Room"" appears next to ""Upcoming"" & ""Previous.""

5. scroll up and click on edit

6. check passcode and save changes."
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Embed Audio or Video in Any Bb Learn Text Box
Introduction
Assignment submission links & Bb Learn discussion boards let you embed video and audio you upload using Kaltura (or after uploading to Drexel Streams).
As does pretty much most content or tools instructors use in Bb Learn. This page covers how to do this.
Posting to Discussion Board, or for Instructor Content
Submitting an assignment? Scroll down to next section
Click the respective Discussion Board Forum

Post to or reply in a Discussion Board or Forum
Click the ""Create Thread"" button or see Discussion Board -- Video Instructions
Record a video before continuing with these steps
See Recording Video on a Computer and Adding to Bb Learn -- aka Screen Record
Look for a large text box when replying to a Discussion Board post
INSTRUCTORS ONLY:
If not posting to a Discussion Board, first add or edit some content in your Bb Learn course section, such as an Item.
For how, see Bb Learn Content Areas -- Adding and Editing Items or Folders
After that...
Most any text box in any Bb Learn content tool or assignment appears & behaves pretty much like what we show below for a DB post
Click  the three dots ""..."" button on the right of the toolbar if it only has 1 row of icons
Click the plus sign ""+"" button to add content

Click the ""Kaltura Media submission"" option

Click ""+ Add New"" button
Select ""Media Upload"" option on the dropdown

Or... click ""Express Capture"" to record video (webcam and audio, no screen recording).
Or... if you already uploaded a video, click ""Select.""

Check box to agree to ""terms and conditions""

Drag and drop a file to area shown (scroll down) or click the ""Choose a file to upload"" button
Re-name file and add description if you want to
Click ""</> Save and Embed"" button 
If prompted, click ""Yes, please"" button to confirm media submission
Add/edit Subject
Add words in Message area
Click ""Submit"" button
Posting to an Assignment in Bb Learn
Submitting an assignment? Scroll down to next section.
You need to record a video first.
If you need options for how do to that,
see Recording Video on a Computer and Adding to Bb Learn -- aka Screen Record
Click the link to submit an assignment in Bb Learn.
Click ""Write Submission"" button.
If the text box only has 1 row of icons at the top,
click the ... on the far right to expand the toolbars.
The click the circled plus or (+) sign.

Click ""Kaltura Media Submission.""
Click ""+Add New.""
Click ""Media Upload"" to upload video.
Or... click ""Express Capture"" to record video (webcam and audio, no screen recording).
Or... click ""Select"" next to a video (to use an uploaded video).

Check box to agree to ""terms and conditions.""
Drag and drop a file to area shown (scroll down),
or click ""Choose a file to upload.""
Then follow on-screen instructions.
Alt Option for Posting Kaltura or Drexel Streams Videos
If the above does not work,
you can make a Kaltura or Drexel Streams video you uploaded
Unlisted, so anyone with the link can play it.
You do not just copy/paste the link at the top of the web browser's web address bar, though.
For more, see:
Sharing Kaltura Audio or Video with Non-Drexel Users or Anyone
The above is also a great option if you wish to share the link outside of Bb Learn
for something related to Drexel classes, research, or freshman or senior design.
Problems Uploading
Try again.
Sometimes Kaltura or Drexel Streams has flukes.
Also, close/re-open your web browser.
Or try a different web browser.
If the video is said to be incompatible or too large,
Handbrake has been the free go-to for a long time to quickly solve those issues.
See Handbrake -- Smaller Video File Size or Converting Video
3 Ways to See Uploaded Kaltura or Drexel Streams Videos
Visit https://drexel.edu/it/streams , and login.
Visit Bb Learn at https://learn.dcollege.net ,
and click Sign In Standard > Tools (in left navigation panel) > Kaltura My Media.
Visit DrexelOne at https://one.drexel.edu ,
login, click ""CAMPUS+COMMUNITY"",
scroll down to ""Drexel Streams.""
Instructors - Allow Students to Download Video
A work-around solution.
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Allow Downloads
Upload Videos to Drexel Streams without Sharing
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Uploading Directly & Making Playable by Anyone with Link"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Camtasia
Introduction
Camtasia is a fairly powerful option for editing video and audio all Drexel faculty, active adjuncts, and staff and highly recommended. Students cannot get a license for Camtasia.
You can screen record from your computer while capturing audio and webcam video with it, and it has a number of features.
Instructional Video
https://1513041.mediaspace.kaltura.com/media/Camtasia+Overview+Video/1_klsxhcpi
Getting a Camtasia License
If you would like to get the latest version of Camtasia or upgrade your existing version, you will need to attend an online training session with DU IT (formerly Drexel IRT).
Online Camtasia training involves reviewing 10 videos online and 1 document and taking the Camtasia Proficiency Quiz, which will make you eligible for having DU IT set-up a new Camtasia license on your computer.
The DU IT training videos and document, and the Camtasia Proficiency Quiz, are all available at the webpage below.
http://drexel.edu/it/services/workshops/web-based/cam-cross-platform/
NOTE: If you import a video clip into Camtasia, Camtasia now auto-adjusts audio levels. The original clip file’s audio levels remain unchanged.
I Want A Camtasia License NOW!
Visit the website below, skip down to & click to expand ""Module 11,"" and take the quiz. You need an 80% or 85% or so to pass. You can retake the quiz if you get a lower score. Once you pass, itg@drexel.edu will send you an email to set-up a license on your computer and within Self Service or Software Center. You have to pass the quiz, but once you do, if you are in a hurry, email itg@drexel.edu in a separate email, and let them know. Also, try calling 215-895-1224 and leave a message, and ask for a pro staff member to contact you soon and get this added.
Camtasia Quiz is in Module 11 at link below. Click to expand Module 11.
https://drexel.edu/it/services/workshops/web-based/cam-cross-platform/
Adding Video and Audio Files to Bb Learn -- Instructors Only
Instructors and course assistants can add video or audio to Bb Learn. See the webpage below for instructions.
Adding Media to Bb Learn via Kaltura or Drexel Streams
Captioning
Providing captioning for videos you create is highly recommended. The following webpage will provide instructions for automatically generating captions.
Captions
Get Quizzes in Camtasia into Kaltura Drexel Streams and Bb Learn
Note: We do NOT current recommend adding Quizzes in Camtasia. It's possible, but clunky and error-prone.
Upload the video to Kaltura Drexel Streams & then add the quiz to the video in Kaltura Drexel Streams
Not Recommended: Camtasia -- Quizzes and Importing into Bb Learn
Recommended: Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Quizzes in Videos"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
mac OS Cmd-Shift-5 screen recorder
https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT208721#mojave
Mac only. Edit in QuickTime above.
IMPORTANT:
Include 5 seconds or so of extra recording at start & end. Sometimes gets cut off.
Do a test recording of 10-20 seconds first!
Or use Kaltura Drexel Streams to Add Videos to Bb Learn Course Sections. Otherwise, you greatly slowdown Bb Learn for everyone.
Do not use this option with VoiceThread.
Adding Media to Bb Learn via Kaltura or Drexel Streams"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Page not found
Sorry, this page could not be found."
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Express Capture
Express Capture -- An Option if No Screen Recording is Needed
Once you have a video finished.
Visit DrexelOne at https://one.drexel.edu
and login (if you haven't already).
Click ""CAMPUS+COMMUNITY.""
Scroll down, and look in lower right for ""Drexel Streams"" and click that link.
If you already uploaded your video, click ""+ ADD NEW,"" and click ""Express Capture""
Disable any ad blocking or privacy enhancing software. 
Allow your microphone and camera to be used.
Press the red record circle/button, and recording starts in 3 seconds.
Press the small white stop square to stop recording.
Recording auto-plays. Press pause || sign to pause. (If not playback, allow playback in browser if browser disables that automatically. Look in address bar of browser for icon to toggle.)
Either press button to ""Download a Copy"" or press ""Use This"" to upload to Kaltrua or Drexel Streams.
If you pressed ""Use This,"" video uploads, but you can scroll down and add title, description, and tag metadata, and if you want to share the video publicly, set it to ""Unlisted."" Then ""Save"" your changes. Video will take some time to process before it's available for playback. Click ""Go to Media"" for more options for video, or click ""Go to My Media"" or ""My Media"" to see your other videos.
See the webpage below for how to add your recording to Bb Learn
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Adding Media to Bb Learn
Captions -- Auto-Generated
Captions"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Allow Downloads
Introduction & Notes
In order to allow downloads in a Bb Learn course section, you have to copy/paste in an ""Unlisted"" direct link to a Kaltura Drexel Streams video, and anyone with the link can play or download the video.
Downloading Drexel Streams or Kaltura video is NOT necessary, generally.
You can play Drexel Streams or Kaltura videos fine in your web browser.
If you are not the creator/owner of the video, downloading a video is complicated.
Downloading video is not necessary for submitting assignments, generally.
Few instructors need it. A few may want it, and will tell you that, but very, very, very few will actually need it.
Recordings cannot be downloaded from an embedded player window in Bb Learn.
Links to the video on the Drexel Streams website can allow downloads.
Downloading
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Downloading
Allow Downloads
Find & click your video under ""My Media"" in Kaltura Drexel Streams.
https://drexel.edu/it/streams
or...
https://1513041.mediaspace.kaltura.com/
Scroll down. Click ""ACTIONS"" > ""Edit"" > ""Downloads"" > ""Source"" checkbox > ""Save.""
Click ""Go to Media"" to return to normal view of video.
Scroll down. Click ""ACTIONS"" > ""Publish"" >  ""Unlisted"" > ""Save.""
The video will be viewable by anyone with the link.
No Drexel login required.

If you want people to login to see the video (otherwise go to next step):
you need to create a channel (just once) that only people with Drexel accounts can access in Kaltura Drexel Streams.
Here's how:
Scroll up & click your name in the upper right. Click ""My Channels."" Enter ""Drexel CCI Videos"" for ""Name (Required)."" Scroll down to ""Privacy"" & select ""Restricted."" Click ""Save.""
Go back to the video. 
Now, for this and any future videos you want in this channel:
click ""ACTIONS"" > ""Publish"" >  ""Public"" > check ""Drexel CCI Videos"" > ""Save.""

Click ""Share"" (under the video).
Copy/paste the link to the video into your Bb Learn course section,
or where you wish to share this video.
The video can be viewed by anyone with the the link.
More Info
The methods we offer above are easiest to implement.
Another method is to host your videos within your OneDrive folder and setting the share option so anyone can download the videos who has the share link for the OneDrive folder. Or limit the share to anyone at Drexel. Link below explains how to do this.
Office 365 -- OneDrive Sharing Files and Folders
You could also create your own Kaltura Drexel Streams channels and manage user enrollment for them, but that is a lot of extra work for what might be very little result.
If you want to try one of these other methods:
To share the video in Kaltura Drexel Streams, you may also want to look making someone a co-viewer, co-editor, or co-publisher. They need to find the video in Kaltura Drexel Streams under ""My Media"" once you do this.
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Make Others Co-Editors, Co-Publishers, or Co-Viewers of Videos
Or look into making and configuring user enrollment in Kaltura Drexel Streams Channels.
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Channels"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Zoom -- Host and Co-Host Controls
Tagged with: zoom
See https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us/articles/201362603-Host-and-co-host-controls-in-a-meeting"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Zoom -- Remote Access to Windows or Mac Computer
Need to See Android or iPad or iPhone Screen?
See iPad, iPhone, iOS, or Android Screen Share
For Windows or Mac Computer, do the following:
Login to https://drexel.zoom.us on your computer.
Use icommonscrc or your own account.
Host Zoom meeting with NO video.
Close box to ""Join Audio.""
Talk to end user on the phone.
Note meeting ID # at top of Zoom meeting.
Have end user go to the following URL.
http://zoom.us
They click ""JOIN A MEETING.""
They enter Meeting ID #, and click ""Join.""
They install/open Zoom, if prompted.
They close the ""Join with Computer Audio"" window.
And click ""Continue"" to confirm that choice.
They click ""Share"" at bottom.
Then click ""Share"" again.
Have them move mouse over Zoom window if no ""Share"" button appears.
You should see their screen now.
When finished with meeting with the end user,
end the meeting ""for all"" on your end.
Do you need to control their computer?
They move mouse over green tab. A Toolbar appears to them.
They tap Remote Control.
They choose your name or icommoncrc,
and ""Give Mouse/Keyboard control to.""
When finished with end user,
end the meeting ""for all"" on your end."
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Zoom
Tagged with: zoom
Scheduling Zoom Meetings
Zoom -- Scheduling
Quick Test of Zoom Before First Real Use
For Drexel students, staff, faculty, who want to try Zoom out before first real use.
Zoom -- Quick Test Before First Real Use
Joining a Zoom Meeting
Zoom -- Joining a Zoom Meeting
Hosting a Drexel Zoom Meeting
Zoom -- Hosting a Drexel Zoom Meeting
Recording a Zoom Meeting
Zoom -- Recording
Managing Users, Security, and Privacy
Zoom -- Managing Users, Privacy, and Security Measures
Zoom Troubleshooting
Zoom Troubleshooting -- Crash, Audio, Artifact, Lag, Freeze, More
Zoom Video Tutorials
https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us/articles/206618765-Zoom-Video-Tutorials

Zoom Recordings
Zoom -- Missing or Lost or Deleted Zoom Recordings
Echo Occurring?
Everyone in the same physical room as the host user should *mute their computer microphones and computer speaker volume.*
The host user is the exception. The host user should NOT mute their computer microphone and computer speakers UNLESS the host use is using a phone or speakerphone for audio. 
If the host user is using a phone or speakerphone for audio, then the host indeed should mute their computer microphone and computer speakers.
Screen Freeze or Lag? Delayed Audio?
Have all participants mute their audio and/or shut down their video when they are not using it.
All participants should close any open applications or browser tabs or windows they are not using during the meeting.
   (a) Closing non-essential apps in the lower right (System Tray) in Windows or upper right (Menu Bar) in Mac could help as well.
Deleted a Scheduled Meeting or a Recording
Zoom -- Recover Deleted Meeting or Recording
Invalid Meeting ID or Invalid Meeting Number Error
Zoom -- Invalid Meeting ID or Invalid Meeting Number
General Tips
Try the above tips *FIRST,* and only do the ones below if the issues persist.
Screen sharing or application sharing of very high resolution or 4K displays can sometimes be a factor.
Ask presenters to change their display resolution to something closer to 1920x1080 (which is still HD).
Participants on their own personal WiFi or other network might to try shutting down any other devices on their personal WiFi network to increase the overall available bandwidth.
Do not use https://zoom.us for Drexel Zoom.
Use https://drexel.zoom.us for Drexel Zoom.
Only host 1 meeting at a time on your own account.
Drexel Zoom meetings can be schedule to last as long as 24 hours long, if need be.
Zoom meetings recorded to the cloud are captioned and transcribed automatically and available to those who attend.
The captioning and transcript are not good enough for students or instructors who need special accommodations.
International participants can use Zoom to hear and be heard for free through their computer.
International phone rates apply if the phone is used for audio.
Advanced Instructions
Zoom -- Advanced Instructions
Other Useful Links
Zoom Accessibility
Zoom -- Remote Access to Windows or Mac Computer
Adding Pronouns to Your Zoom Profile
Zoom Updating or Updates
Discover the newest features in Zoom
Zoom to a specific area in a PowerPoint presentation
PowerPoint Presenter View in Zoom Screenshare
Zoom -- Host and Co-Host Controls
Zoom Shortcut Keys and a Fix for Mystery Muting and Pause/Resume in Zoom Mtgs
Leave Computer Audio in Zoom"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Discover the newest features in Zoom
Tagged with: zoom
Discover the newest features in Zoom
Release notes"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Changing Names in Zoom
Instructions
Click ""Participants"" icon to open ""Participants"" right nav panel.

Hover over your name in the ""Participants"" panel.
Click ""More"" > ""Rename.""

Enter your new name, and click ""Rename.""

Note: Additionally, always make sure you are using https://drexel.zoom.us
and in the installed Zoom app that you are signed in with your Drexel username and password,
using the SSO or Sign in with SSO option.
You should NOT use personal Zoom for Drexel business or Drexel teaching or Drexel research.
Permanently Change Your Name in Zoom
Names in Zoom when logged into Drexel Zoo Pro accounts are tied to your official name for all of your Drexel accounts.
If you want your name to appear as something else,
it should still appear as your official name for all of your Drexel accounts,
but you can fix errors with your official name by contacting accounts@drexel.edu
If your Drexel Zoom name does not match your Drexel official name,
email zoomadmin@drexel.edu"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Zoom -- Login or Registration or Redirect Issues
Try SSO Sign-In Instructions for Zoom First
Zoom -- SSO Single Sign-On and Host Sign-In
Written Instructions
Basically, you want to make sure you are signed into the Zoom application installed on your computer. And signed out of the wrong zoom website in your web browser. This can fix many login issues, and will let you login with your Drexel Account after clicking a Zoom meeting link. If you scheduled/created the Zoom link, you will be the Host.
Here's how:
Without clicking a Zoom link,
open the Zoom program or application.
Mac: Look in your Applications folder in Finder or Spotlight Search.
Windows: Look in the Start menu.
Cannot find Zoom?:
Zoom may not be installed. Go to https://drexel.zoom.us > ""Sign In Standard"" > login to Drexel Connect > ""Host a Meeting"" (video on or off) > download/install > open/run Zoom or zoom .us.
Click ""zoom .us"" menu
Click ""Sign In.""
Or click ""File"" > ""Sign in.""
Click ""Sign Out"" if signed in already!
Then repeat step #3 above.
Click “SSO Sign in with SSO” or “Sign In with SSO.""
Type in “drexel” (without quotes) next to “. zoom. us”. And click “Continue.”If prompted & if your web browser opens to the Drexel Connect webpage, sign in with your Drexel userid and password.
Click ""Open link.""
Or click “Open zoom .us""
Or click ""Open Zoom"" or similar.
If prompted & if your web browser opens to the Drexel Connect webpage,
sign in with your Drexel userid and password.
Now, quit the Zoom application.
But do *not* sign out in the Zoom application.
You can sign out of Zoom in your web browser if you wish now.
Just not the Zoom application itself.
To sign out of Zoom in a web browser (if you wish):
Click “Drexel University Zoom” > “Sign In Standard” > person icon in upper right > “SIGN OUT”.
No need to click “DISCONNECT” unless you want to sign out of all standard Drexel websites.
Now, if you click a Zoom meeting link that you created/scheduled, you will enter as a Host.
And for other Zoom meetings links, you will enter with your Drexel Account.
Need Different Password?
If Zoom Asks for a Password or Login
Video Instructions for SSO Sign-In on Drexel Zoom
https://1513041.mediaspace.kaltura.com/media/Zoom+--+Signing+into+the+Zoom+App+with+your+Drexel+Login+using+SSO/1_si5nvwhb
We don't cover signing out of https://zoom.us first above, but we do recommend that still."
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
echo360 -- Downloading Lecture Recordings
Instructions
Get to your Echo360 recordings in your Bb Learn course section, click “echo360 Class Recordings” in left navigation panel in Bb Learn course section.

Click “Access echo360 Class Recordings for INFO-634-001/900-XLIST-201925”.
Italicized course number be different for you.

In the row of the date of the recording:

Click the green or gray arrow button.
Scroll down if necessary.
Click ""Download original.
Choose to download either (a) the computer display video with audio, (b) the room video with audio, or (c) audio only.
Click resolution (standard definition is SD, high definition is HD).
Click ""Download.""
Download and save the media file to your computer


Re-Use of Recordings After Current Quarter -- for Instructors Only
Echo360 recordings do not copy between Bb Learn course sections when Bb Learn Admins like Mike Galloway copy course materials.
But you can download the recordings and use Kaltura Drexel Streams to upload the recordings again to your next quarter's Bb Learn course section (when it's available to you).
Once you add any video using Kaltura Drexel Streams, the videos do then copy over during course copy. So you won't have to add them again.
See above for how to download recordings from Bb Learn
Here is how to add video to a Bb Learn course section using Kaltura Drexel Streams
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Kaltura Capture
Troubleshooting
Cannot see the ""Download original"" option or ""Download"" button shown above?
Try using the scrollbar on the right, if one is present. If multiple scrollbars, try both.
Another thing to try is to put 2 fingers on your touchpad without clicking it and swipe up or down.
If neither solution works, click Start > Settings > System > Display. Scroll down to “Scale and layout.” Change the drop-down menu option to 75% or 50% or try some options that are 100%. Click “Keep” or “OK” to retain your changes. You can change them back later. Go to Echo360 now, refresh the webpage, and try again. If this work, repeat the first part of the instructions in this paragraph, but this time, change the drop-down menu back to 100% or whatever you preferred level is.
If that doesn’t work, click Start > Settings > System > Display. Scroll down to “Resolution.” Try some of the higher (bigger number) resolution options, if any are available. Click “Keep” or “OK” to retain your changes. You can change them back later. Go to Echo360 now, refresh the webpage, and try again. If this work, repeat the first part of the instructions in this paragraph, but this time, change the drop-down menu back to 100% or whatever you preferred level is.
More problems downloading a lecture recording?
Try logging out of Bb Learn, closing your internet browser completely, waiting 20 seconds, then re-opening your internet browser, logging again to Bb Learn at https://dcollege.learn.net, and trying to download the recording again.
If that doesn’t work, try a different internet browser.
And be sure there are no hidden window prompts behind any open windows you have that are waiting for a response or click from you.
Hidden window prompts might not appear as a clickable square icon in your bottom taskbar in Windows or bottom dock on a Mac.
If none of that helps, contact us using the information below."
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Zoom -- Joining a Zoom Meeting
Recommended Prep Before Joining Drexel Zoom Meeting
Only once per computer. Do this before you join a Zoom meeting.
Follow instructions at this webpage below.  
Zoom -- SSO Single Sign-On and Host Sign-In
Once you do the above, when you click a Zoom meeting link you created, you will enter as a Host.
And for other Zoom meetings links, you will enter with your Drexel Account.
Joining a Zoom Meeting - Video
https://youtu.be/hIkCmbvAHQQ
YouTube video
Joining a Zoom Meeting - Text
Students/Participants:
Click Zoom meeting link,
Link may be given to you by instructor, listed in Bb Learn course section, sent to you in email, or calendar invite, Slack, Discord, etc.
Hosts:
Sign in to https://drexel.zoom.us with Drexel userid & password.
Then click ""Join meeting.""
Open link with Zoom or https://drexel.zoom.us if prompted.
Or...
Download, open, & install the Zoom program, when prompted.
Enter name and email (if prompted).
Sign in to Drexel Connect screen, if prompted.
In the meeting, click “Join With Computer Audio.”
If Zoom Asks for a Password or Login
Zoom -- If Zoom Asks for a Password or Login
Login Issues -- or Redirect Issues
Visit the following link...
if you have login issues & are Drexel student, instructor, staff member, or faculty member
or...
if you are redirected to zoom.us from drexel.zoom.us.
Zoom -- Login or Registration or Redirect Issues
Audio Problems? Or Join by Telephone?
Zoom -- Audio Issues and Joining by Telephone
Yes, you can use Zoom if you just want a telephone-only conference call.
Covered at link above. 
Share Your Computer Display
https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us/articles/201362153-How-Do-I-Share-My-Screen-
Playing a video in Zoom?
Check ""Share computer sound"" checkbox right when you start sharing your screen.
Screen-share Shortcut
Alt + S
This shortcut allows the user to screen-share without having to find the share button
Using Zoom on Android or iPad or iPhone
Zoom -- Use on Android and iPad, iPhone, or iOS
System Requirements
Zoom -- System Requirements and If No Webcam or Microphone
Tips and Basic Troubleshooting
Zoom Troubleshooting -- Crash, Audio, Artifact, Lag, Freeze, More
Zoom Video Tutorials
https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us/articles/206618765-Zoom-Video-Tutorials
Echo Occurring?
Everyone in the same physical room as the host user should 
*mute their computer microphones and computer speaker volume.*
The host user is the exception.
The host user should NOT mute their computer microphone
and computer speakers UNLESS the host use is using a phone or speakerphone for audio.
If the host user is using a phone or speakerphone for audio,
then the host indeed should mute their computer microphone and computer speakers.
Screen Freeze or Lag? Delayed Audio?
Have all participants mute their audio
and/or shut down their video when they are not using it.
All participants should close any open applications or browser tabs
or windows they are not using during the meeting.
Closing non-essential apps
in the lower right (System Tray) in Windows
or
upper right (Menu Bar) in Mac could help as well.
Delete a Scheduled Meeting or a Recording
Zoom -- Recover Deleted Meeting or Recording
CCI Zoom Virtual Background
CCI Zoom Virtual Background
Changing Your Name in Zoom
Changing Names in Zoom
Additional Helpful Info -- Drexel VCAP's page on Zoom
https://drexel0.sharepoint.com/sites/IT-VCaPBlog/SitePages/Zoom.aspx"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Kaltura Drexel Streams
Start Here
Adding Media to Bb Learn via Kaltura or Drexel Streams
Other Pages
Kaltura Drexel Streams FAQ
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Analytics
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Adding Media to Bb Learn -- Student Instructions
Embed Kaltura Audio or Video in Any Bb Learn Text Box
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Let Others Download Videos
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Uploading Directly & Making Playable by Anyone with Link
Adding Kaltura Audio or Video to a Content Area -- Instructors Only
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Allow Downloads
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Analytics
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Captions
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Channels
Edit Video or Video Settings in Kaltura Drexel Streams
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Express Capture
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Finding Your Kaltura Audio or Video After It Is Uploaded
Kaltura Capture
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Make Others Co-Editors, Co-Publishers, or Co-Viewers of Videos
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- No Full-Screen in Firefox in Blackboard (Bb) Learn
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Quizzes in Videos
Sharing Kaltura Audio or Video with Non-Drexel Users or Share with Anyone
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Thumbnail Setting, or Setting Image Shown Before Video Is Played"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Sharing files via Microsoft Teams with Non-Drexel Email
Open Microsoft Teams and navigate to the team you want to share files with outside the organization.



Click on the Files Tab within the Team site.



Click on open in SharePoint.



Either create a new folder, or select an existing folder you want to share and click the share button. 



Click on “People you specify can edit” to bring up more sharing options.



Chose to “Share with Specific People” and choses wither or not you want them to have edit or read only access. 



Add the email address of the people you want to share the folder with 



Those recipients will receive an email similar to this with an “open” button.



Once the recipient uses the open link, the SharePoint site will present a box for a code to be entered that verifies the recipient of the email is the person accessing the files.   



After clicking the send code button, the recipient will receive another email with the code.



Enter the Code and click Verify to gain access to the files.



From here the user is all set and can access and interact with the folder you have shared with them from your teams’ site via SharePoint. "
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Zoom -- Claim Host Role during a Meeting
If you are not logging in as a host, and instead first clicking a link to join Zoom as a participant, and then want to become a host, here's what to do.
Click ""Participants"" at bottom of Zoom.

Click ""Claim Host""

Click ""Login to Claim Host.""
Click ""SSO Login with SSO.""

Enter ""drexel"" (no quotes) next to ""zoom.us.""
Then click ""Continue.""
You are now the ""host"" (and can record the meeting).
And ""Host"" now appears next to your name in the ""Participants panel."
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Zoom -- Recover Deleted Meeting or Recording
Deleted the Wrong Scheduled Meeting
On ""Meetings"" page in Zoom at https://drexel.zoom.us , click ""Recently Deleted"" in upper right, and click ""Recover"" next to deleted meeting.
You have up to 7 days to recover a deleted scheduled meeting. Then the scheduled meeting is permanently gone.
Deleted a Recording
On ""Recordings"" page in Zoom at https://drexel.zoom.us , click ""trash"" in upper right (""Settings""), and click ""Recover"" next to deleted recording.
You have up to 30 days to recover a deleted recording. Then the recording is permanently gone."
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Analytics
Stats with Analytics are Problematic
If you really want to track who watched a video, we recommend using a Kaltura Quiz, if only to have a single quiz question not more than 20 seconds before the end of the video, where a student or others confirms they watched it.
To create a Kaltura Quiz, see:
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Quizzes in Videos
Even if you ask students to disable ad blocking, privacy enhancing, fingerprint spoofing, or script disrupting plug-ins, add-ons, extensions, or built-in functionality, we've had too many instances of not being able to tell if a student completely watched a video or not.
Kaltura Quizzes on the other hand are entirely dependable.
ALSO, if you need to know through analytics the userid of a student or someone,
they need to access the video through a Bb Learn course section at https://learn.dcollege.net
or after signing into Kaltura Drexel Streams at:
https://drexel.edu/it/streams/
or...
https://1513041.mediaspace.kaltura.com/
Accessing Analytics
Find & click your video under ""My Media"" in Kaltura Drexel Streams.

Either visit https://drexel.edu/it/streams
...Or...
https://1513041.mediaspace.kaltura.com/
...Or...
=Login to Bb Learn at https://learn.dcollege.net, land on the ""Institution Page,"" click the ""Tools"" link in left navigation, click ""Kaltura My Media,"" and then click ""My Media.""

Scroll down to & click ""ACTIONS.""
Click ""Analytics.""
Review the provided analytics.
For user-specific information,
scroll down to & click ""View Engagement Per User"" link under video.
Click ""Back to media page""
in upper left in order to return to normal view of video.
Accessing Quiz Results
Find & click your video under ""My Media"" in Kaltura Drexel Streams.

Either visit https://drexel.edu/it/streams
...Or...
https://1513041.mediaspace.kaltura.com/
https://1513041.mediaspace.kaltura.com/

...Or...
Login to Bb Learn at https://learn.dcollege.net, land on the ""Institution Page,"" click the ""Tools"" link in left navigation, click ""Kaltura My Media,"" and then click ""My Media.""

Scroll down to & click ""ACTIONS.""
Click ""Analytics.""
Click ""Quiz Users"" tab/link.
Newer submissions or viewers are at the top usually,  BUT check through the last page or so of the log using the Fid command (Cmd + F or Ctrl + F) to find specific users, if necessary.
And if you don't find a specific user, then try the Accessing Analytics section above.
More Information on How to Interpret Analytics
https://knowledge.kaltura.com/help/kaltura-analytics


Troubleshooting Analytics
First, make sure when you run reports or look at the stats that you are actually looking at the stats for the current month or 2 you or time period you actually want to look at. Also, consider in the future using the quiz option to track students, rather than analytics. If you don't go with the quiz option, here's what you can send to students who claim they watched the video.
As a student, there are a couple things you can do on your end to help convince your TA or Instructor you watched the videos. None of these may prove you watched the video all the way through, but all/most combined may provide enough circumstantial evidence that you did. So do all of the suggestions below that you can.
We also have a page of suggestions for how to improve your home internet dependability, also included below, in case that was a factor.
First, visit Drexel Streams (Kaltura videos homepage for Drexel) at https://drexel.edu/it/streams and login. Click your name in the upper right. Then click ""My History."" Take a screenshot that shows the date and time you watched the one or more videos in question. This won't show you watched the videos all the way through or not, but it will confirm you clicked on them. If you're not sure how to take a screenshot, visit https://take-a-screenshot.org .
Second, visit the link below and explore your web browsing history. See if you can find not only the date/time you watched the Kaltura video in Bb Learn, and it might be an https://learn.dcollege.net link (the one where the video relies), and not a https://1513041.mediaspace.kaltura.com/ but look for instances of webpages containing both of those as the start of the URL or web address. Take screenshots. And see provide other webpage history dates/times to show you weren't going to other webpages. Use the basic photo editor built into your computer (Paint, Paint 3D, Preview) and the colored pen or marker or line or box tools to cover up webpage URLs you don't want the instructor to see (if any). You'll need to repeat this step for each video you feel you unfairly lost points on, and it will still be up to the instructor to decide if you get points or not. They do not have to give you points if they do not want to.

The following webpage may help with this. If not, Google how to find your web browser's history. Do NOT clear your cache or your history. https://www.wikihow.com/View-Browsing-History.

If you cannot find that you watched these videos in your viewing history, for future incidents like this, make sure you are not using Private or InPrivate or Incognito tabs. Make sure AdBlock or uBlock or Ghostery or other privacy enhancing extensions or add-ons are disabled. Allow cookies if you disallowed them. If you frequently clear your browsing history and cache, or use any of these other features or add-ons or extensions, you may not have the ability to find what you previously watched.

Send the screenshots you find to your TA or Instructor to make the case you watched one or more of these videos. 

Note:
It is completely your TA's or Instructor's decision whether to agree you watched a video or no. There's no backend record you or your instructor do not already have access to that will show you watched these videos. 
 Tips for more dependable WIFI or internet in your home.
https://support.cci.drexel.edu/cci-technology/quick-tech-troubleshooting-links-helping-end-users/wifi-internet-or-web-speed-issues-home-or-apartment/"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Zoom Shortcut Keys and a Fix for Mystery Muting and Pause/Resume in Zoom Mtgs
Zoom Has Shortcut Keys
Accidental entry of shortcut commands on the keyboard are the reason why your zoom meeting may accidentally mute or pause/resume recordings.
It's possible that the host/co-host may tap or hit one of these key combinations,
and you can accidentally mute/unmute yourself or the entire room (depending if you are the host or not).
You can also pause or resume recordings if you are the host.
Mac
Command(⌘)+Shift+A:
Mute/unmute audio
Command(⌘)+Control+M:
Mute audio for everyone except the host (only available to the host)
Command(⌘)+Control+U:
Unmute audio for everyone except host (only available to the host)
Space:
Push to talk
Command(⌘)+Shift+R:
Start local recording
Command(⌘)+Shift+C:
Start cloud recording
Command(⌘)+Shift+P:
Pause or resume recording
Windows
Alt+A:
Mute/unmute audio
Alt+M:
Mute/unmute audio for everyone except host
Note: For the meeting host only
Alt+R:
Start/stop local recording
Alt+C:
Start/stop cloud recording
Alt+P:
Pause or resume recording
More Zoom Key Combos
https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us/articles/205683899-hot-keys-and-keyboard-for-zoom"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
echo360 -- Accessing Lecture Recordings Outside of Bb Learn -- Students Only
Login to echo360 at https://echo360.org using your long form Drexel email address and your DrexelOne or Bb Learn password.
   (a) You will likely be provided your long form email address if these instructions are shared with you.
   (b) If you have login issues, see below for help.
            i.    Your login email address is going to be your long form Drexel email address.
                     1.  For example: Mike Galloway's long form Drexel email address is michael.j.galloway@drexel.edu. Yours may not include the middle initial and may include numbers.
            ii.   Your password is going to be your Bb Learn or DrexelOne password, unless you changed it in echo360
                     1.  If you forgot your password, or have password problems, click the ""Forgot your password?"" link on the https://echo360.org webpage.
            iii.  If you do not know your long form Drexel email address, here's how to find it.
                     1.  Method 1: Visit the Drexel Directory webpage below, and look your long form Drexel email address up using your name in last name, first name format for the search terms.
                             (a) http://drexel.edu/about/contact/
                     2.  Method 2:
                             (a) Login to Bb Learn at http://learn.drexel.edu using your DrexelOne username and password.
                             (b) Click your name in the upper right corner of the Bb Learn webpage.
                             (c) Click ""Settings, then ""Personal Information,"" then ""Edit Personal Information."" Copy your long form Drexel email address. Click ""Cancel.""
                             (d) Note that you cannot change your email address or password in Bb Learn.


Click ""DASHBOARD"" at the top left.

Click the ""Term"" drop-down menu, and select the appropriate term.

Click ""ALL CLASSES"" in the same row/area for whichever class's recordings you want to watch.

Click the date of the recording.

Click to allow/activate/run flash or other plugins (if prompted).

Close the ""Notes"" panel by clicking the X in the upper right.
If either the video or computer display video feeds are taking up the whole webpage, and you want a larger view of the other video feed, click the other video feed in the lower right-hand corner.
Computer display video feed is enlarged in screenshot below. In echo360, click the room video feed in lower-right hand corner to switch to that feed.

Room video feed is enlarged in screenshot below. In echo360, click the computer display video feed in lower-right hand corner to switch to that feed.

To exit the recording when finished:
   (a) Move mouse over the recording video window. Click menu icon in upper left. Click ""Exit Classroom.""
To log out of echo360:
   (a) Click your name in upper right. Click ""LOGOUT.""
Technical Issues?
See the following webpage if you encounter any technical issues.
Echo360 Troubleshooting Recording Playback Issues
Above link also helps with troubleshooting live video issues."
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
echo360 -- Advanced and Additional Topics
echo360 -- Accessing Lecture Recordings Outside of Bb Learn -- Instructors Only
echo360 -- Accessing Lecture Recordings Outside of Bb Learn -- Students Only
echo360 -- Attendance Unlikely to Be Affected by Recordings
echo360 -- Downloading Lecture Recordings
echo360 -- Downloading Lecture Recordings Outside of Bb Learn
echo360 -- INCLUDE
echo360 -- Interactive Features
echo360 -- Live Event Attendance Guide -- Not for Classes
echo360 -- OLD Documentation
echo360 -- Rebooting echo360 Devices in CCI Classrooms
echo360 -- Recordings Outside CCI Classrooms
echo360 -- Screen Recording from a Personal Computer
echo360 -- Sharing an Individual Class Recording -- for Instructors
echo360 -- Stats and Analytics"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
OBS Studio -- Live Streaming
ROUGH DRAFT!!!
Recommend doing just a recording first using OBS Studio. See the webpage below for instructions.
OBS Studio
If you use an external microphone, muting ""mic/aux"" is recommended to avoid echo effect in recording or streaming.
You may need to create and show a Live Video on a Page you manage for Facebook Live.
Go to ""Settings"" to adjust where videos are saved to, the format that they are saved in, and to set the live stream key and service (Facebook, YouTube).
You may want to create additional separate Google and Facebook accounts (use your own name) but with high privacy settings to do testing of Facebook Live and YouTube Live.
For Drexel CCI events, Mike Galloway will need to log you in to post on Facebook and YouTube.
https://obsproject.com/ (OBS Studio homepage and where you broadcast from)
Quick Start Doc on OBS
https://github.com/jp9000/obs-studio/wiki/OBS-Studio-Overview
Quick Start Doc on OBS Forum
https://obsproject.com/forum/resources/obs-studio-quickstart-guide.422/
Guide to the different input sources that you can use
https://github.com/jp9000/obs-studio/wiki/Sources-Guide
Facebook Live Help
https://obsproject.com/forum/resources/how-to-stream-to-facebook-live.391/
More Facebook Live Help (click ""Live Streaming"")
https://www.facebook.com/help/799185466881268/?helpref=hc_fnav
 YouTube Live Streaming Help
Note the links on the left that provide much more additional information.
https://support.google.com/youtube/answer/2474026?hl=en
OBS Resources Guides from Forums
https://obsproject.com/forum/resources/categories/guides-studio.8/"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Zoom -- Missing or Lost or Deleted Zoom Recordings
Instructions 
Login to https://drexel.zoom.us/, login if prompted.

Click ""Recordings"" in left nav.

Check under the ""Cloud Recordings"" tab first.
""Cloud Recordings"" in Drexel Zoom take 126 days to expire.
And then check the ""Local Recordings"" tab second.


Also, ""Cloud Recordings"" in Drexel Zoom are automatically backed up to Drexel Kaltura Streams at https://drexel.edu/it/streams Login if prompted
Click ""My Media."" Scroll or browse what is there.

If its old recording:
Go to your OneDrive at https://portal.office.com
and login,
and click the 9-dot-square icon in the upper left,
and click the ""OneDrive"" cloud icon.

If you still cant find the recording,
then contact zoom support zoomadmin@drexel.edu
They will able to assist to get the recording or help to retrieve it. "
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
echo360 -- Muting the Microphone during a Recording or Broadcast
See Classroom Technology -- Privacy & Audio Controls Check for Echo360 and Zoom in CCI Classroom -- Article Listing"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
echo360 -- Recordings Outside CCI Classrooms
Instructions for Personal Capture
Allows recording and editing from your Mac or Windows laptop. An instructor decides what course or section of theirs to publish to.
First, see the webpage below on how to login to echo360 directly.
echo360 -- Accessing Lecture Recordings Outside of Bb Learn -- Instructors Only
Then login directly to echo360 at http://echo360.org .
Then click the gear icon, click ""Downloads,"" choose to download ""Personal Capture,"" and download and install it.
For instructions on how to use ""Personal Capture,"" see the webpage below.
http://help.echo360.org/#t=Personal_Capture_Guides%2FPersonal_Capture_Guides.htm"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Video Assignments or Discussion Board Posts in Bb Learn
Introduction
Because Kaltura is embedded in Bb Learn, and available to students in Discussion Board posts or Assignment submissions in Bb Learn, it easily lends itself to creating assignments where you want students to record videos, and they can submit this using Discussion Board post replies or Assignment submissions.

Below is how to set this up for them, and a link to provide students to explain how they do the assignment.
Instructions using Discussion Board (Forums or Weeks)
Just have students embed videos they create into Discussion Board posts using the Kaltura tool,
or copy/pasting a link from a video they uploaded to Drexel Streams into a Discussion Board post.
You can set 1 or more Discussion Board forums on the Discussion Board page to be gradeable.
Use Grade by Forum when editing DB options.
You have to edit the options for each forum individually. :-(
If you are not sure how to create or edit a Discussion Board forum, in a Week or content area or otherwise, see:
Discussion Boards -- Creating, Modifying and Hiding Forums
Once you have a Discussion Board assignment created,
send the following instructions to your students,
and just direct them to use the Kaltura tool to post or reply there with their video.
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Adding Media to Bb Learn -- Student Instructions
They do NOT upload a file as an attachment directly to the post or in the reply!!!
They need to use the Kaltura tool, which is easily accessible here.
Instructions using Bb Learn Assignments
Just have students embed videos when they click the Bb Learn Assignment submission link.
They do NOT upload a file as an attachment directly to the post or in the reply!!! They need to use Kaltura.
Here's how to create or edit a Bb Learn Assignment:
Bb Learn Assignments -- Creating and Modifying Assignments
Once you have a Bb Learn assignment created,
send the following instructions to your students,
and just direct them to use the Kaltura tool to post or reply there with their video.
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Adding Media to Bb Learn -- Student Instructions
They do NOT upload a file as an attachment in their assignment submission!!!
They need to use the Kaltura tool, which is easily accessible here.
DU IT's Instructions - Kaltura using Bb Learn Assignments
DU IT's ""Submit a Video from Drexel Streams as an Assignment in Blackboard Learn""
https://drexel.edu/it/help/a-z/kaltura/tutorials/#SubmitBB"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Zoom not working and Troubleshooting
Basic Troubleshooting
Make sure webcam is not covered.
Uninstall Zoom completely from the computer Zoom isn't working on.
How to uninstall in Windows 10.
Download & install Zoom again.
Use the SSO or Single-sign on option to sign in.
Screenshare Shortcut Key
If someone cannot figure out how to screenshare, especially if you are trying to assist them, tell them to use the following shortcut key combination
Alt + S
Tell them to press and hold the Alt key. And then keep the Alt key held down, while they tap the S key once. Repeat these instructions slowy for a non-tech savvy user.
This shortcut allows the user to screen-share without having to find the share button
Echoes and Sound Artifacts
If possible, use a headset with a microphone, or AirPods or very good alternatives.
NO cheap bluetooth headphones with mics!
Your own external speakers play audio that the microphone picks up.
And others in the meeting could have the same thing going on.
It's a lot for echo cancellation to handle at times.
AirPods or headsets reduce what microphones pick-up, except for your own voice.
Everyone in the same physical room as the host user
should *mute their computer microphones and computer speaker volume.*

The host user is the exception.
The host user should NOT mute their computer microphone and computer speakers...
UNLESS the host use is using a phone or speakerphone for audio.
Then the host indeed should mute their computer microphone & computer speakers.
Zoom Lags or Freezes or Audio is Delayed
Try one or more of these suggestions.
All hosts, presenters, panelists, or participants:
mute your audio if you are not speaking much.
All hosts, presenters, panelists, or participants:
turn off your video, unless truly needed.
Instructors or others requiring video to appear may need to be flexible on that requirement.
If someone is screen sharing, have that person stop,
and adjust the resolution on their computer to 1920 x 1080p (or i) or below.
Then re-share screen.
Any scaling you choose is fine.
Close any open applications or browser tabs or windows not needed for the meeting.
Closing non-essential apps in the lower right (System Tray) in Windows,
or upper right (Menu Bar) in Mac, if you can.
Click the ^ in Windows (lower right) and right-click.
Close any messaging apps, Adobe apps, Microsoft apps not needed for this meeting.
Leave the Zoom meeting.
Update the Zoom app installed on your computer.
Re-enter the meeting.
Try updating Zoom. See link below.
Zoom Updating or Updates
Participants on their own personal WiFi network
might to try shutting down any other devices
on their personal WiFi network
to increase the overall available bandwidth.
Recovering a Deleted a Scheduled Meeting or a Recording
Zoom -- Recover Deleted Meeting or Recording
Invalid Meeting ID or Invalid Meeting Number Error
Zoom -- Invalid Meeting ID or Invalid Meeting Number
Zoom Crashes
Try one or more of these suggestions.
See what we suggest in the Zoom Lags or Freezes or Audio is Delayed section above.
If you are using another application, and Zoom is crashing:
uninstall/reinstall that application.
Use with OneNote has been an issue at times. Close OneNote.
Close and use less than 8 tabs in whatever web browser you have. 
Removing unknown or unused add-ons and extensions and clearing cache/history can help.
Link below has instructions.
Clear Browser Cache & History.
Do not use ""Gallery"" mode. It is resource intensive.
More info:
https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us/articles/201362323-Changing-the-video-layout-Active-Speaker-View-and-Gallery-View-
Uninstall & reinstall Zoom.
Reboot your device.
In the Zoom app, go to
Settings > Video Settings > Advanced.
Under ""Use hardware acceleration for"", uncheck ALL option.
If you still have problems after trying all the above,
try to change ""Video Rendering Method"" to ""Direct3D11.""
You may also want to Google this:
Best Zoom Video Rendering Method
and include the make, model, and/or OS of your computer in the search phrase.
If the above does not help, doing a more thorough update of drives, BIOS,
and such can help in Windows.
See link below.
Properly Update Windows 10 & Drivers in Windows 10
If nothing above helps, or you need other help with Drexel CCI classes or meetings, please reach out to ihelp@drexel.edu for further assistance."
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
CCI Faculty and Staff -- Work from Home
The following are information & how-to resources for Drexel CCI staff if they need to work from home.
If you need any assistance: 
For all general technical questions, email ihelp@drexel.edu .
For questions related to Blackboard (Bb) Learn, reach out instead to Mike Galloway, CCI Tech Svcs Mng, at mjg88@drexel.edu .
The above contacts are for Drexel College of Computing & Informatics (CCI) faculty, instructors, professional staff, and students ONLY!
Note: The left panel can be expanded for more resources. Also, some links on some pages when clicked will expand to show more resources on a webpage.
Check Telephone Voicemail Off-Campus
And other voicemail-related tasks.
CCI Faculty and Staff -- Work from Home -- Check Telephone Voicemail Off-Campus
Forwarding Telephone
CCI Faculty and Staff -- Work from Home -- Forwarding Telephone
VPN Set-up
Remotely connect to the Drexel network to access any online resources that only work on Drexel's network.
VPN
Access Drexel E-mail Off-Campus
If you need to check email from a personal computer. This is a secure way to do this.
Outlook -- Web or Internet Browser
Zoom and Bb Collaborate Ultra for Virtual Meetings and Classes
Zoom - Usable but less suited for use with Bb Learn course sections. Ideal for every other type of meeting.
Bb Collaborate Ultra - More suited for virtual meetings, office hours, and classes with Bb Learn course sections.
Need HIPAA compliant methods of meeting remotely or virtually?
Try Zoom HIPAA Private Mode.
See Zoom -- HIPAA Private Mode
ccirepo Shared and Personal File Server, Web Server, Web Page Access
ccirepo Shared and Personal File Server, Web Server, Web Page Access
Office 365 -- OneDrive
Office 365 -- OneDrive
Remote Desktop Access to Remote Computer
Drexel CCI Remote Desktop Access to Work Computer"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Joining a Zoom Meeting
See Zoom -- Joining a Zoom Meeting"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Capture
Tagged with: audio capture
Introduction
Great for voice-over PowerPoint presentations, Kaltura Capture lets you record anything you do on your computer screen as a video with audio. Kaltura Capture is an option within the Kaltura tool in Bb Learn, or within Drexel Streams. Once you stop the recording, you can easily upload to Bb Learn via the Kaltura tool.  Or to Drexel Streams, from which you can either upload to Bb Learn or share in other ways.
ExpressCapture is NOT the same thing as Kaltura Capture. You cannot screen record with ExpressCapture.
Advantage of Kaltura Capture?  The videos you make and upload to Kaltura or Drexel Streams and use in Bb Learn can allow viewers or students to make either the webcam video or the recorded screen video the larger or the more primary focus in the video at any time. 
Quick Instructions -- Bb Learn
Enter a Bb Learn course section at https://learn.drexel.edu . Click ""Courses."" Click your course.
Enter a ""Week"" or other content area in the Bb Learn course section.
Click ""Build Content"" > ""Kaltura Media"" > ""+Add Media"" > ""Kaltura Capture.""
Follow the on-screen instructions.
Alternative Quick Instructions -- Drexel Streams
Visit Drexel Streams at https://drexel.edu/it/streams .
Click ""+Add Media"" > ""Kaltura Capture.""
Follow the on-screen instructions.
To add to Bb Learn after recording & uploading to Drexel Streams:
Enter a Bb Learn course section at https://learn.drexel.edu . Click ""Courses."" Click your course.
Enter a ""Week"" or other content area in the Bb Learn course section.
Click ""Build Content"" > ""Kaltura Media"" > ""+Add Media"" 
Quick Troubleshooting
Kaltura Capture has been a memory HOG in the past. The issue has been reported and may be resolved on some OS's or browsers. 
However, you may want to close non-essential applications before using Kaltura Capture.
And disable any ad blockers or privacy enhancing web browser plug-ins or add-ons for the Bb Learn and Drexel Streams websites, if you use any.
Also, open the applications you need for your recording before you start recording. Outlook, for example, in the past would't open while Kaltura Capture was in use. It had to be opened previously.
And if you run into persistent issues, try the other alternatives below for making screen recordings.
Recording Video on a Computer and Adding to Bb Learn -- aka Screen Record
In-Depth Instructions
Login to Kaltura Drexel Streams at https://drexel.edu/it/streams 
On the Drexel Streams webpage, click ""ADD NEW,"" then ""Kaltura Capture.""
 
If prompted if it's okay to use KalturaCaptura to open this link, click ""Open KalturaCaptura,"" or ""OK"" or ""Yes.""

If you haven't used KalturaCapture yet on this computer, click the link below for help installing it.
Click either ""Download for Windows"" or ""Download for Mac,"" depending on whether you are on Windows or a Mac.

Install KalturaCapture as you normally install a Mac or Windows program.
If necessary, repeat steps 4 and 5 above
When the KalturaCapture control panel opens:
Set whether to record from your computer display, webcam, and/or microphone.
To set to record your computer display.
Make sure the computer display icon is blue (and NOT crossed out).
There are multiple images below.
Here, the computer display icon is blue, meaning your computer display will be recorded.

Here, the computer display icon is gray and crossed out, meaning your computer display will NOT be recorded.

Click ^ to select a different display to record from, if you have multiple monitors or a connected projector.

You can select a part of your screen to capture too. Click ""Select Area.""
You can select your screen capture size if you wish.
To set to record from your webcam.
Make sure the camera icon is blue (and NOT crossed out).
If you want, select another connected or built-in camera to record from, if available.
There are multiple images below.
Here, the camera icon is blue, meaning your webcam will record video.
Also, if you have 2 webcams connected, you can choose to record from the other webcam or camera.

Here, the camera icon is gray and crossed out, meaning your webcam will NOT record video.

Click ^ to select a different webcam, if another one is built-in or connected to your computer, to record from.
Monitors or projectors may appear as choices here too.

To set to record audio.
Make sure the microphone icon is blue (and NOT crossed out).
Also, check the audio level indicator under the microphone moves when you talk.
There are multiple images below.
Here, the microphone icon is blue, meaning audio will be recorded.
Check that the audio level indicator moves up and down (series of small ovals under the microphone icon) to make sure audio is being picked up.

Here, the microphone icon is gray and crossed out, meaning your computer display will NOT be recorded.

Click ^ to select a different microphone, if you have a different one connected or built-in, to record from.
Microphones can often appear as ""Unknown USB Audio Device.""

To record, click the red circle in the control panel.
 
3-second countdown starts immediately. Then you will be recording.
A mini control panel appears for pausing/stopping the recording.
 
This mini control panel does not appear in the screen recording.
 
Make your screen recording or voice-over PowerPoint or similar video.
Ignore errors that save low on disk space, but note that some applications may not run
Press the white square or stop icon to stop the recording.
 
You can then choose to ""Delete, Save and Upload, or Save the recording.
Just ""Save"" will save the recording to your computer locally. The recording cannot easily be placed elsewhere.
""Delete"" will delete/discard the recording.
(RECOMMENDED) ""Save and Upload"" will save and upload the recording Drexel Streams or Drexel's Kaltura, where you can add it to one or more Bb Learn course shells.
Add a title. Add a description is wish. Recommend adding tags that included the course this recording is for (if it's for a course), like CI-101, CS 283, INFO 400, etc.

See the webpage below for how to add your recording to Bb Learn
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Adding Media to Bb Learn
Express Capture -- An Option if No Screen Recording is Needed
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Express Capture
Captions -- Auto-Generated
Captions
Troubleshooting
Ignore errors that save low on disk space, but note that some applications may not run
If you run into some issue with uploading your recording, or with making your recording, using Kaltura Capture, here's how you often can find the recording video file or files stored locally on your own computer.
On a Mac:
Open up a Finder window (any window showing files or folders).
Click ""Go"" menu.
Click ""Connect to Server.""
Copy or type in the following in the ""Go to the folder"" window.
~/Library/Preferences/Kaltura/Capture/Recordings
Click ""Go.""
Look for your video recording.
C:\Users\[computer_username]\AppData\Local\Kaltura\Capture\Recordings\
Low Volume/Hard-to-hear Audio?
If you are having trouble hearing a professor due to low audio, or bad audio, one possible work-around solution to try is to download/install the Chrome web browser and install the ""Volume Master"" extension from the Chrome Web Store at the link below.
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/volume-master/jghecgabfgfdldnmbfkhmffcabddioke
We cannot find a similar link for Firefox as of yet. The above link has a good chance of working for other Chrome-based web browsers, such as the new Microsoft Edge and the Brave web browser, as well, which may be less resource intensive on your computer."
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Zoom -- Scheduling for Someone Else -- Recording Access
The original Host of the meeting, or person whose Zoom account was used to schedule the meeting, is the only one who can access and share the recordings.
And in this situation, we recommend Record to Cloud.
The original Host or above person is the ONLY one who can share the recording with others.
However, alternative hosts and those with scheduling privileges can get email notices that this recording is ready under the original Host's account.
Again, alternative hosts cannot actually access the recordings, nor can those with scheduling privileges on behalf of the original Host. Only the Host can access the recordings and actually share them.
But alternative hosts and those with scheduling privileges can get an email when that recording is ready under the original Host's account.
Here's how.
Have the original Host visit https://drexel.zoom.us and sign in.
Click Settings > Meeting [not Meetings] > Email Notifications.
Make sure ""When a cloud recording is available"" is switched on under ""Email Notification.""
Check either or both of the following, depending on who you want to get email notifications:
""Send a copy to the person who scheduled the meeting/webinar for the host.""
""Send a copy to the Alternative Hosts.""
2 screenshots provided below."
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Finding Your Kaltura Audio or Video After It Is Uploaded
There are 4 ways to see your upload Kaltura Drexel Streams videos.
Visit https://drexel.edu/it/streams , and login. Click ""My Media.""
Visit https://1513041.mediaspace.kaltura.com/ , and login. Click ""My Media.""
Visit Bb Learn at https://learn.dcollege.net , and click ""Sign In Standard"" > ""Tools"" (in left navigation panel) > ""Kaltura My Media.""
Visit DrexelOne at https://one.drexel.edu , login, click ""CAMPUS+COMMUNITY"", scroll down to ""Drexel Streams.""
If you are a Co-Editor, Co-Publisher, or Co-Viewer rather then the original uploader:
Steps #1 & #2 will likely work best.
And you may need to click ""Filters"" and choose 1 or more ""Ownership"" options.
For example: ""Media I Can Publish"" or ""Media I Can Edit."""
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
If Zoom Asks for a Password or Login
Try This First
Everyone at Drexel has a Zoom Pro account. Just visit https://drexel.zoom.us , and login with DrexelOne userid/email and password.
Open the Zoom application/program on your computer.
Not the link.
The Zoom application or program itself on your computer.
It’s with all your other applications/programs.
Look in Start menu or Windows menu in Windows for the Zoom app.
Look in Spotlight Search or Finder>Applications or Launchpad on Mac for the Zoom app.
With the Zoom app open on your computer:
Click your initials in the upper right (or your profile pic).
Sign out.
*Now* when you sign in, use the “SSO” or “Sign In with SSO” option.
Enter “drexel.zoom.us” or “drexel” in front of “zoom.us”, if prompted.
Click the Zoom link again.
If you *STILL* get a password prompt:
Look in the email or calendar event that has the Zoom link for a password.
Or ask the instructor or meeting host or contact person for the password.
Video Instructions
It can help if you follow the video instructions first.
https://1513041.mediaspace.kaltura.com/media/Zoom+--+Signing+into+the+Zoom+App+with+your+Drexel+Login+using+SSO/1_si5nvwhb
Written Instructions with Screenshots
Zoom asks for a password or login in 1 of 2 ways.
1st Way:
If Zoom ask for a password like image below:
Look in provided email, or in your Bb Learn course section if for a class.
Or ask instructor or meeting host or scheduler for password.
Proceed no further here.

2nd Way:
If Zoom asks for a password like image below,
then follow the 7-step instructions below.

Below are the 7-step instructions.
If this is after the meeting.
Click the original meeting link again after then meeting. It generally will work still.
Click ""Open Zoom Meetings."" Or ""Open zoom .us.""

Windows:


Mac:


Click ""Sign in to Join.""


Click ""Sign in with SSO.""
Or click ""SSO"" or ""SSO Sign in with SSO"" or the like.


Type in drexel next to "".zoom.us.""
And click ""Continue.""


Enter your Drexel USER ID and PASSWORD & then click CONNECT.


Make sure ""Zoom Meetings"" or ""zoom.us"" is selected.
Check box next to ""Remember my choice..""
Click ""Open Link.""

Windows:


Mac:


Click ""Join with Computer Audio."" You're in!"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Echo360 -- Analytics
Finding Analytics in Echo360
Click the ""Class Capture"" or ""echo360 Class Recordings"" link in the left-hand course menu in your Bb Learn course. This link is shown in the example screenshot below.



Click the ""Access echo360 Class Recordings"" link as shown in the screenshot below.



Now that you are on the echo360 website, click the green arrow for the video you would like to check.
Then scroll and select the ""Details"" link as shown in the screenshot below.



Now select the ""Analytics"" tab as shown in the screenshot below.



Here you should be able to see things like view, view time, and engagement. It should similar to the screenshot below."
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Zoom -- Leave Computer Audio
Introduction
When supporting events or using speakers, we often run the Zoom meeting from the Windows ""tiny PC"" in the conference room's or classroom's podium or lectern. 
Then we have the guest speaker join without audio. Why? So they don't have to connect anything for AV. 
But also...This allows other people in the room to present more easily from their own laptops (multiple-presenter scenario). Zoom meetings would otherwise require massive delays between each presentation, disconnecting one speaker's laptop and then connecting another. 
CCI Commons Student Assistants (SA's) will ask at the start of a presentation if anyone else needs to present and set them up in Zoom using these instructions. 
This page explains how to do this for both new Student Assistants & people running Zoom meetings themselves.
Instructions
There are *7* steps!
Open the Zoom browser or application & start a Zoom meeting.
When the meeting starts, a pop-up will prompt you about Computer Audio, click the 'X' icon or close the pop-up.
Windows 10/11 screenshot below.


Mac screenshot below.
  Another pop-up will ask if 'you want to continue without audio?' Select the 'Continue' button.
Next to the 'mute'/microphone icon on the bottom bar, click the '^' button.
Click the 'Leave Computer Audio' button on the list of settings after completing the previous step.  
 The bottom bar will have a 'Join Audio'/headphone icon appear. 

 Now you have successfully disconnected from your computer's audio on Zoom."
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Zoom -- Confirm Licensed Zoom Pro Login in Zoom App
The screenshot below shows where you can check to see if your are logged into Zoom Pro or a ""Licensed"" Zoom account in the Zoom app installed on your computer.
All faculty, instructors, staff, and students have access to Zoom Pro (licensed) account.
If you do not see something like the screenshot below, or are unsure how to get to the screenshot below, simply follow the ""Quick Instructions"" at the link below."
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Zoom -- Managing Users, Privacy, and Security Measures
Good Steps You Can Take to Be More Secure
There are several easy steps you can take, all optional, to increase privacy and security.
Enabling these features with a class or a large meeting will make it more difficult for students to enter.
Assign passwords in meetings with Drexel & non-Drexel people 
or require Drexel authentication if the meeting is all Drexel faculty/staff/students.
Drexel authentication means only Drexel Zoom account users can join.
Passwords allow Drexel & non-Drexel people to join the Zoom meeting, if they have the password.

Turn on Enable Waiting Room.
You will have to allow attendees in as they arrive.
Great for office hours.
Login to https://drexel.zoom.us > click ""Sign In Standard"" > ""Meetings"" >
""Schedule a Meeting"" > ""Waiting Room"" > ""Save.""

Turn off Join Before Host (if you are not using Waiting Room).
Login to https://drexel.zoom.us > click ""Sign In Standard"" > ""Meetings"" >
""Schedule a Meeting"" > ""Show"" next to ""Options"" at bottom >
uncheck ""Allow participants to join anytime"" > ""Save.""

Turn off Automatically Record to the Cloud.

For individual meetings:
Login to https://drexel.zoom.us > click ""Sign In Standard"" > ""Meetings"" >
""Schedule a Meeting"" > ""Show"" next to ""Options"" at bottom >
uncheck ""Automatically record meeting"" > ""Save.""

For all meetings:
Login to https://drexel.zoom.us > click ""Sign In Standard"" > ""Settings"" >
click toggle right/blue for ""Automatic Recordings.""

Restrict screen sharing to host.

Login to https://drexel.zoom.us > click ""Sign In Standard"" > ""Meetings"" >
search for ""Screen sharing"" > ""Host Only"" for both options > ""Save.""
Revert back later if needed for future meetings.

Do NOT use your ""Personal Room"" for most meetings. 
Just for meetings with co-workers of less than handful of people.

Direct Drexel students/staff/faculty to ensure they are logged in to Drexel Zoom Pro account.
Zoom -- SSO Single Sign-On and Host Sign-In
Other optional settings are at:
Login to https://drexel.zoom.us > click ""Sign In Standard"" > ""Meetings"" > ""Schedule a meeting.""
Click ""Save"" at bottom to save settings.

Login to https://drexel.zoom.us > click ""Sign In Standard"" > ""Meetings"" > ""Personal Room"" > ""Edit.""
Set settings for  your personal meeting id room.
Click ""Save"" at bottom to save settings.

Login to https://drexel.zoom.us > click ""Sign In Standard"" > ""Settings.""
Settings here are auto-saved instantly when changed.
Very Large Meetings -- Webinars
Zoom -- Webinars for Large Virtual Meetings or Talks or Lectures
Managing Users and Kicking Out Troublesome Participants
The following webpage explains how to manage participants, including removing participants.
https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us/articles/115005759423-Managing-participants-in-a-meeting
Ask your students to help identify troublemakers as well.
Lock the Zoom Meeting after 5-10 Minutes 
This is another highly recommended step, especially for classes.
Helpful Video
https://youtu.be/sOehb1M5XS8
To do this, when you are Host in a Zoom Meeting:
Click ""Manage Participants"" > ""More"" > ""Lock Meeting"".
OR SEE NEXT SECTION FOR EASIER WAY TO LOCK ROOMS.
Zoom Security Icon in Meeting

The Security icon lets you ""Lock Meeting"" and ""Enable Waiting Room,""
or control if students/participants can Share Screen, Chat, & Rename Themselves.
Update the Zoom Application
Mac:
Enter your Applications folder in Finder or Spotlight Search:
Click ""zoom .us"" menu in upper left.
Click ""Check for Updates.""
Windows:
Open the Start menu or Windows menu in lower left:
Click your initials or picture in upper right of Zoom.
Click ""Check for Updates.""
Additional instructions and help:
https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us/articles/201362233-Where-Do-I-Download-The-Latest-Version-
Think for 2 Seconds Before You Click That Zoom Link
Never click Zoom or other links if the email address or message, or links look at all strange.
ALL Drexel Zoom links should start with: 
https://drexel.zoom.us
**NOT*& https://zoom1.us or https://dr3xel.zoom.us , etc.
HIPAA Private Mode
If you need to be concerned about HIPAA.
Zoom -- HIPAA Private Mode"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
FlipGrid
There’s no college-wide or university-wide licensing with FlipGrid, or accounts for that, but FlipGrid is owned by Microsoft, so sign up with your Drexel account and it seems to just let you use it as a Instructor if you do so.
There are free educator accounts available to you if you use the “Sign up with Microsoft” and enter your Drexel usrerid (for example: mjg88@drexel.edu ).
https://auth.flipgrid.com/educator

Here’s the “Getting Started: Educators” webpage.
https://help.flipgrid.com/hc/en-us/articles/360051539934-Getting-Started-Educators
Here’s the “Getting Started: Students” webpage.
https://help.flipgrid.com/hc/en-us/articles/360051542894-Getting-Started-Students

Create a Group in FlipGrid.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zDAiknNJbNw&t=66s




More “Getting Started” help.
https://help.flipgrid.com/hc/en-us/sections/360009390954-Getting-Started
What is FlipGrid article from Tech Learning
https://www.techlearning.com/how-to/what-is-flipgrid-and-how-does-it-work-for-teachers-and-students
Teams integration


Topics



Adding audio/video"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Video Recording, Editing, and/or Adding to Bb Learn -- aka Screen Record
What is a Screen Recorder?
Screen recorders record your computer/laptop/mobile display, along with audio from when you speak. Webcam video optionally can be added as well. You can make voice-over PowerPoint presentation videos, or demos of whatever you want that is showing on your computer/laptop/mobile display.
Quick Tips:
Drexel CCI students can store (and are encouraged to store) videos for classes in Kaltura. To help create that video, screen recorders and editors provided below.
Zoom is a fine screen recorder: Hold a meeting with just yourself, and record to the cloud.
Kaltura’s screen recorder is awful (memory issues).
Kaltura does have limited editing abilities that can be useful, but extensive editing is not advised.
Other great free screen recording and editing options provided below.
Screen Recording Options
macOS's Shift+Command+5 keyboard shortcut
Excellent simple screen recorder 
mac OS Cmd-Shift-5 screen recorder
Mac only. 
Limited editing.
Use Kaltura Drexel Streams for long-term storage.
See Adding Media to Bb Learn via Kaltura or Drexel Streams
FlashBack Express Screen Recorder
Excellent simple screen recorder
FlashBack Express - Free Screen Recorder
No editing. 
Windows only.
Use Kaltura Drexel Streams for long-term storage.
See Adding Media to Bb Learn via Kaltura or Drexel Streams
Zoom
Zoom -- Recording
Use the popular video conferencing tool to just have a meeting by yourself (or with friends) & record your screen.
Windows/Mac/Linux. 
No REAL editing. Just adds skip points.
If you download the video or look at it in Kaltura or Drexel Streams, your edits in Zoom will be gone.
Use Kaltura Drexel Streams for long-term storage.
See Adding Media to Bb Learn via Kaltura or Drexel Streams
Bb Collaborate Ultra
Bb Collaborate Ultra
Windows/Mac/Linux. 
No editing.
Use the built-in Bb Learn video conferencing tool to just have a meeting by yourself (or with friends) and record your screen.
Current quarter recordings are stored within each Bb Learn course section.
Use Kaltura Drexel Streams for long-term storage.
See Adding Media to Bb Learn via Kaltura or Drexel Streams
Other Screen Recorders & Video Editors
In order of what we recommend for use.
Camtasia
Excellent screen recorder & excellent robust video editor
Camtasia
Windows/Mac. Screen records and edits.
Available to all Drexel faculty, active adjuncts, and staff. Not students.
Use Kaltura Drexel Streams for long-term storage.
See Adding Media to Bb Learn via Kaltura or Drexel Streams
Echo360
Excellent video storage solution. Video editor disabled
echo360 -- Uploading Video and Polling or Adding a Quiz
Very good video storage solution. Editing disabled.
Windows/Mac/Linux. 
Works through the web browser in Bb Learn.
Screen recording is possible as well. Contact ihelp@drexel.edu if you need that.
Kaltura Drexel Streams
Good video storage solution & decent simple video editor
Kaltura Drexel Streams
Video editor and storage is all we recommend. Not the screen recorder. 
Also, not recommended for extensive video edits, especially on large videos. Quick edits, especially on shorter videos, usually works fine. 
For quick edits, see Edit Video or Video Settings in Kaltura Drexel Streams.
Windows/Mac/Linux. Works through the web browser in Bb Learn or Drexel Streams site. Video storage solution.
Lightworks
Good video editor & screen recorder
Lightworks video editor
Windows/Mac/Linux. Edits video and screen records.
Use Kaltura Drexel Streams for long-term storage.
See Adding Media to Bb Learn via Kaltura or Drexel Streams
DaVinci Resolve
Excellent and very robust video editor
DaVinci Resolve Video Editor
Windows/Mac/Linux. 
Only edits video. Does NOT do screen recording.
Use Kaltura Drexel Streams for long-term storage.
See Adding Media to Bb Learn via Kaltura or Drexel Streams
OBS Studio
Excellent screen recorder & video recorder
OBS Studio
Windows/Mac. 
Screen recorder ONLY. 
Completely free. Intended for higher end video production or live video streaming. But very usable for individual screen recording.
Use Kaltura Drexel Streams for long-term storage.
See Adding Media to Bb Learn via Kaltura or Drexel Streams
VoiceThread
Video assignment tool. A lot of headaches in our experience.
VoiceThread
Windows/Mac/Linux. 
Works in a web browser within Bb Learn. 
Lets you make videos, and upload videos, but not the best option for screen recording. 
No video editing. 
ActivePresenter
Good screen recorder & good robust video editor.
ActivePresenter Screen Recorder
Windows/Mac. Screen records and edits. Free for personal and non-commercial use.
Use Kaltura Drexel Streams for long-term storage.
See Adding Media to Bb Learn via Kaltura or Drexel Streams
OpenShot
Good robust video editor.
OpenShot Video Editor
Windows/Mac/Linux, screen records and edits. Completely free.
Use Kaltura Drexel Streams for long-term storage.
See Adding Media to Bb Learn via Kaltura or Drexel Streams
macOS's QuickTime
Good screen recorder & good simple video editor,
QuickTime
Mac only. Limited Editing.
Use Kaltura Drexel Streams for long-term storage.
See Adding Media to Bb Learn via Kaltura or Drexel Streams
Also Available Options
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Kaltura Capture
Screen recorder tool.
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Express Capture 
Video recorder tool. Cannot screen record.
Windows 10 Game Bar -- Windows Only.
Built-in to Windows.
Screen Recorder only, and only records apps. 
Tough to record desktop.
https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/help/4027180/windows-10-record-a-game-clip-with-xbox-game-bar
More instructions: 
https://beta.support.xbox.com/help/friends-social-activity/share-socialize/record-game-clips-game-bar-windows-1
Screen Recording Options -- Mobile Devices
iPhone/iPad/iOS
Excellent built-in mobile screen recorder.
Record Screen on iPad, iPhone, or iOS Device
Record Screen on iPad, iPhone, or iOS Device -- Older Alternative Method
Android -- AZ Screen Recorder
Excellent mobile screen recorder
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.hecorat.screenrecorder.free&hl=en
No online help here, but let Mike Galloway know if you need assistance.
Note that the free version doesn't really let you record audio.
As of 6/20/16, a $3 upgrade paid from within the app will provide audio recording capability and additional features.
Editing? Limited.
Use Kaltura Drexel Streams for long-term storage.
See Adding Media to Bb Learn via Kaltura or Drexel Streams.
Android -- Built-In Screen Recorders
Android 11 Pixel and other phones, OnePlus 6-8+ & 6T-8T+ cellphones, and newer Samsung Galaxy Phones, have a built-in screen recorder option.
Swipe down 1-2 times from the top of your Android phone, once you unlock it with passcode or fingerprint or face id, and look for the screen recorder option. Swipe left or right for additional quick setting options.
Use Kaltura Drexel Streams for long-term storage.
See Adding Media to Bb Learn via Kaltura or Drexel Streams.
Reduce Video File Size? Convert Video?
Handbrake probably has you covered. It's free & open-source.
See Handbrake -- Smaller Video File Size or Converting Video
Adding Video and Audio Files to Bb Learn
Use Kaltura Drexel Streams for long-term storage.
See Adding Media to Bb Learn via Kaltura or Drexel Streams.
Audio Issues
Configure and test your microphone and speakers/headphones by visiting the webpage below, clicking “Mic Guides,” and selecting your operating system (OS).
http://www.onlinemictest.com/
If you don’t know your operating system, visit the webpage, below and look beneath where it says “YOUR WEB BROWSER IS:”
https://www.whatismybrowser.com/
If you’re still having problems with your microphone, you might want to contact ihelp@drexel.edu or 215-895-2480, which is the general technical assistance line for CCI.
Recording or Streaming Events for CCI
If you want live events for CCI recorded or streamed on Drexel Campus, or need to borrow equipment for such events, email ihelp@drexel.edu .
Last-minute and/or disorganized requests or plans for events are likely going to be problematic to record or stream, but we'll do what we can."
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Share Audio or Video with Non-Drexel Users or Sharing with Anyone
Introduction
Drexel Streams at https://drexel.edu/it/streams lets you modify the sharing permissions to Unlisted on videos you upload and quickly copy a link you can paste into emails or anywhere to share with others. Unlisted is much better than any Published video option for this, generally. You have to UPLOAD videos to Kaltura or Drexel Streams first. For how to do that, see: Adding Media to Bb Learn via Kaltura or Drexel Streams . This is ALSO a useful way of just copy/pasting in a usable link into discussion board posts & assignment submissions in Bb Learn.If not yourself, consult with the owner/creator of the audio or video before sharing the video with Non-Drexel Users.
Instructions
Login to Kaltura Drexel Streams at https://drexel.edu/it/streams
To upload a video:
Click ""+ADD NEW"" > ""Media Upload.""
Agree to terms and conditions.
Click ""+Choose a file to upload.""
Follow on-screen instructions.
Click ""My Media.""
Search for the Kaltura video you want to share.
If you are not the video owner,
click ""View Media I Own""
to see videos where you are a publisher or editor.
Click on the video you want to share.
Click ""Actions.""
Click ""Publish.""
Select ""Unlisted.""
""Published"" does not make videos ""Public"".
Click ""Save.""
Click the ""Share"" button.
Copy the link provided and share with others via email or other methods.
Problems Uploading
Try again.
Sometimes Kaltura or Drexel Streams has flukes.
Also, close/re-open your web browser.
Or try a different web browser.
If the video is said to be incompatible or too large,
Handbrake has been the free go-to for a long time to quickly solve those issues.
See Handbrake -- Smaller Video File Size or Converting Video
More Help
Zoom Recordings -- Share or Download from Zoom or Drexel Streams (Kaltura) - Closer Look"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Thumbnail Setting, or Setting Image Shown Before Video Is Played
You can set the Thumbnail image, or the image someone sees when they see your video but before they actually click the ""Play"" arrow or triangle.
Here's how.
Find & click your video under ""My Media"" in Kaltura Drexel Streams.
For more help on finding your video, see:
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Finding Your Kaltura Audio or Video After It Is Uploaded
Scroll down to & click ""ACTIONS"" > ""Edit.""
Click ""Thumbnails.""
Get to a point of the video that you think is the best image to represent the video.
(a) Or click ""Upload Thumbnail,"" and upload your own image. Follow on-screen instructions & do not proceed further.
Click ""Capture.""


You have now set the ""Thumbnail"" image for the video.
Click the name of the video to return to the normal view, if you wish.
           "
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Handbrake -- Smaller Video File Size or Converting Video
Handbrake is a free and open-source program that reduces the file size of videos, but keeps the overall video and audio quality.
It's technically video transcoder, letting you convert video formats and other options and such, but reducing video file sizes is what many, many people use it for.
Download it from here:
https://handbrake.fr/
Once installed, click ""Open Source,"" locate the movie file and select it, click ""Add to Queue,"" and ""Start Queue.""
The bottom of the Handbrake window, between the ""Save As"" and the file name, and the ""Browse"" button, will tell you where the outputted smaller file will end up.
A notification will appear when finished to ""Put down that cockatil..."", and the converted video file will be ready, and will be a smaller file size.
If you don't like the result, click the ""Preset"" menu > ""General"" > ""HQ1080p30 Surround,"" and then do the above instructions again. Rename the old or new (""Save As"") converted movie file, or click to replace the converted movie file when prompted. This will make a smaller video file than your original still, but not quite as small as you first attempt, but with a better picture quality and audio quality."
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
DaVinci Resolve Video Editor
Video Instructions
https://1513041.mediaspace.kaltura.com/media/DaVinci+Resolve+Video+Editor/1_ami9scev
More Help
The following are from Black Magic Design, the creators of DaVinci Resolve.
Download - https://www.blackmagicdesign.com/products/davinciresolve/
Training Videos - https://www.blackmagicdesign.com/products/davinciresolve/training
Search tags: da vinci, blackmagic"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Quizzes in Videos
Video Instructions
https://1513041.mediaspace.kaltura.com/media/Kaltura+Quizzes/1_xmkjlsce
Quizzes disable the ability for students to play videos at faster speeds. You can allow skipping, but not fast play.
Camtasia Quizzes are NOT recommended. Kaltura Quizzes, explained here, should be used instead.
Tracking?
Have students access video through Bb Learn at https://learn.dcollege.net or signing into Kaltura Drexel Streams at https://drexel.edu/it/streams/ -- even with Kaltura Quizzes.
Then create a 1 question quiz where 20 seconds or so before the end of the video, students have to answer a question that confirms they watched the video all the way through.
Follow the instructions in the sections below to do so, but...
Then visit the link below to later confirm who watched a video or not.

Add Quizzes to a Video
You can add quizzes to Kaltura or Drexel Streams videos that you upload in Bb Learn. Here's how.
Visit https://drexel.edu/it/streams and login
Click ""My Media.""
Find and click the title of a video of yours.
Scroll down and click ""ACTIONS.""
Click ""Launch Editor.""
Click the cube icon or ..
Press ""Start"" to create a new quiz.
Play video or move slider or line on timeline to part of video where you want to add a quiz question.
Click ""+Add a Question"" button overlayed on video.
Choose ""Question Type,"" such as multiple choice, true-false, open-ended, or simply a reflection point where video pauses and video shows text you enter to thet student.
Follow the on-screen instructions to add your question or reflection point.
When finished, click ""Done.""
You may be asked to Save a new copy of the video.
You may want to give the video a slightly different name.
Maybe with ""quiz"" or ""analytics"" or what you will in the title.
Click ""Go to Media Page.""
Edit a Quiz in a Video
You can edit quizzes to Kaltura or Drexel Streams videos that you upload in Bb Learn. Here's how.
Visit https://drexel.edu/it/streams and login.
Click ""My Media.""
Find and click the title of a video of yours.
Scroll down and click ""ACTIONS.""
Click ""Launch Editor.""
Click the cube icon or ..
Click ""Edit Quiz.""
Click a cube icon or   on the video timeline to see and edit a particular quiz question
Click ""+Add a Question"" button overlayed on video.
Choose ""Question Type,"" such as multiple choice, true-false, open-ended, or simply a reflection point where video pauses and video shows text you enter to thet student.
Follow the on-screen instructions to add your question or reflection point.
When finished, click ""Done.""
You may be asked to Save a new copy of the video.
Click ""Go to Media Page.""
Make a Bb Learn Kaltura Quiz Assignment
This makes a grade in a Bb Learn Grade Center column. There's other ways to with some of the settings, but this is what recommend, at least initially.
Visit a ""Week"" or another content area in a Bb Learn course section.
Content areas have the ""Build Content"" & ""Assessments"" & ""Tools"" & ""Partner Content"" buttons or drop-down menus.
Click ""Assessments"" > ""Kaltura Video Quiz.""
Click ""Select"" next to an existing Kaltura video quiz you've already created.
See previous sections if you haven't created a Kaltura video quiz yet.
Give a ""Title.""
Provide a ""Description"" if you wish in the text box.
Click the icon if you need more options.
Click the icon to add a picture or file.
Set the ""Points Possible"" to a number you want.
Recommend 1 point for 1 question video viewing confirmation analytics questions.
Under ""Display of Grades,"" we recommend:
""Complete/Incomplete"" for 1 question video viewing confirmation analytics questions.
""Score"" for quizzes with multiple questions.
Click ""Submit.""
ONLY for 1 question video viewing confirmation analytics questions, do the following:
Go to ""Full Grade Center.""
Click the circled down arrow in the top row of quiz column you just made.
Scroll to the far right, if you just created it.
Click ""Edit Column Information.""
Scroll down & click ""No"" next to ""Include this column in Grade Center calculations.""
So these quizzes for analytics do not modify the overall score.
Click ""Submit.""
Additional Information:
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Quizzes in Video - Require Before Test or Assignment"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Tips for PowerPoint Presenter View in Zoom Screenshare
Introduction
This guide is to show you how to enable presenter view while screen sharing on Zoom.
This is for Windows, but if you are on a Mac, try the below,
and if you need more help, contact us at ihelp@drexel.edu
if you are a Drexel CCI student, staff, or faculty member.
If using presenter view in PowerPoint, the view where you see notes as you present,
see link below for how to do that on a laptop with no external monitor (1 screen).

Tips for Zoom Presenting
Ensure to start with Presenter view and start the presentation slide show first.
Use Alt + Tab (press and hold down tab Alt with thumb, and then tab key once with another key on the same hand, then tab again to see how to select the programs).
Go ahead and screen share in Zoom.
Note:
Make sure to tick all the boxes when screen sharing in Zoom for optimized video and audio.
Big Sur and Monterey on macOS show a different extended display
Go to apple icon > System Preferences > Display > Arrangement or similar (maybe screen icon in upper right and then Display Preferences).
Select from drop-down menu extended or mirror display.

Quick Instructions
In Zoom, go to Share, go to Advanced, and select portion of screen to share when presenting.
Presenter view is where you can see your notes when running your PowerPoint slide presentation.
This link helps further.
http://suefrantz.com/2020/07/08/powerpoint-presenter-view-in-zoom-with-one-monitor/
If you want to see switch to presenter view,
while running PowerPoint presentation:
See screenshot 1.
Stop & re-start Zoom screen share if you switch.

If you want to see chat box, you need to see the “More …” button/option.
If you don’t see ""More"", click green tab at top of screen.
See screenshot 2.

Then click “More…” button/option to see ""Chat.""
See screenshot 3.

If you need more help/info, ihelp@drexel.edu email (if you are Drexel CCI students/staff/faculty).

Zoom Screenshare with Notes or Presenter View
Steps: 
Get into you Zoom meeting as normal. Do not share screen yet.
Open up PowerPoint.
Start the Slide Show.
Press & hold the Alt key (or Option key on Mac)
Press Tab key 1 or more times to select Zoom meeting window.
Release Alt key. You're in Zoom meeting.
(You can use Alt & Tab key this way to move between any open programs or apps on your computer.)
(Or Option & Tab keys. Option and ` key will move between open windows within an app. The ` key is the backtick key, under the ~ or tilde next to 1 and 2 keys.)
When ready, share your screen in Zoom.
Select the Screen or window with the full PowerPoint Presentation slide showing.
Click Share.

Green rectangle around the screen or PPT presentation means it's sharing."
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Echo360 -- captioning and transcription work-arounds
Make sure you make internal links for the links below.

Captioning and/or Transcription cannot be turned on, as it's not a free or an at all cheap service in Echo360.
However, you can download the Echo360 videos, and then upload them to Kaltura Drexel Streams, which is available to you as a Drexel Student. Kaltura Drexel Streams will auto-caption something in 24 hours. Best we can offer. Links to instructions below.
echo360 -- Downloading Lecture Recordings
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Captions"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
QuickTime -- Basics
Mac only, edits video (limited editing).
Pre-installed on Macs and found under Applications.
Video Instructions
Video -- QuickTime Streams Screen Recorder
Help (Scroll down to the ""Record your screen"" section):
https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT201066
Record computer display and audio *OR* webcam and audio are defaults.
To record audio, see screenshot below where I've circled the arrow you need to click to select your microphone.

Record webcam *and* computer display work-around: Click ""File > New Movie Recording,"" position the movie recording window and re-size it and set it to float on top via ""View > Float on Top"". Then click ""File > New Screen Recording” and make a screen recording.
Editing? Limited. Can trim unnecessary content from beginning or end of video.
Adding video or audio to Bb Learn? See link below (Recordings automatically uploaded to Drexel Streams):
Adding Media to Bb Learn via Kaltura or Drexel Streams
ONLY Instructors and Professional Staff can do this. Students cannot.
Providing captioning for videos you create is highly recommended.
See Captions."
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Make Others Co-Editors, Co-Publishers, or Co-Viewers of Videos
Instructions
If you want to allow someone to edit your videos, or add your videos to their own Bb Learn course sections, or simply find and view it in Kaltura Drexel Streams...
Do the following 6 steps:
IMPORTANT: Whoever is being made a co-editor or co-publisher or co-viewer must have visited the Kaltura Drexel Streams website ONCE.
(a) And then you can make them a co-editor or co-publisher or co-viewer.
(b) If the other person(s) has visited Kaltura Drexel Streams already, proceed to step #2.
They do NOT need to do so every time someone wants to make them a co-editor or co-publisher or co-viewer. They just need to have done this once EVER.
(c) If the other person(s) have not visted Kaltura Drexel Streams:
Tell them to go to Kaltura Drexel Streams at:
https://drexel.edu/it/streams/
or...
https://1513041.mediaspace.kaltura.com/
& login.
Then you can proceed with step #2 below.

Click ""My Media.""


Click ""ACTIONS,"" and click ""Edit.""


Click ""Collaboration,"" and click ""+Add Collaborator.""
(a) Check ""Co-Editor"" and/or ""Co-Publisher"" or ""Co-Viewer.""
(b) ""Co-Editor"" means they can make changes to the video or its settings.
(c) ""Co-Publisher"" means they can publish the video a Bb Learn course section, or elsewhere.
 

Click ""Add.""


The other person should now appear under Media Collaborators, and will be able to edit your video, or publish it to your Bb Learn course section.
Send This to Co-Editors & Co-Publishers
Send co-editors & co-publishers the following page for how to find and/or edit a Kaltura Video or its settings or publishing.
Kaltura Drexel Streams
Co-Publishers cannot edit video or video settings."
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Troubleshooting Teams
Sometimes, Microsoft Teams will not open properly on the desktop app, or will open but won't function properly. Below are ways to troubleshoot this issue: 
Sign out of Teams, and sign- in 
Update Teams: https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/office/update-microsoft-teams-535a8e4b-45f0-4f6c-8b3d-91bca7a51db1
Uninstall and Reinstall Teams 
Clear the Teams cache: https://answers.microsoft.com/en-us/msteams/forum/all/clear-cache/0810ce4f-af14-4269-b01f-adc89a0af4c4
If the above does not resolve the issue, please an email to ihelp@drexel.edu for further assistance.
To test your microphone, refer to this page: Quick Links for Helping End Users -- Testing Audio"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Making Class Recordings Unavailable
If you now set Echo360 class capture recording that is still processing to be unavailable, it will be unavailable still when it finishes processing.
First, click the ""echo360 Class Capture"" link in your course, and enter the Echo360 page in your course
If you have never done this before, see the following webpage. And then return here.
echo360 -- First Use in Bb Learn
Then, to make the recording unavailable, see the following link.
http://help.echo360.org/index.htm#t=Instructor_Guide%2FIGTopics%2FWorking_with_Content%2FMaking_Content_Unavailable_to_Students.htm"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Zoom -- Attendance - Usage Reports
Introduction
You generally want the ""Usage"" option under ""Usage Reports"" in the ""Reports"" area of https://drexel.zoom.us
If have you everyone register for a Zoom, which for classes isn't that helpful, try ""Meeting.""
But the ""Usage"" reports under ""Usage Reports"" can be very helpful for most Zoom meetings. Instructions below.
Instructions
Go to https://drexel.zoom.us , click “Sign in Standard,”
& enter your Drexel userid & password.
Click “Reports” > “Usage”
“Usage” should be under “Usage Reports.”
Use the calendar icons to set a start date & end date.
Then click “Search.”
Click the blue # or number link
under the “Participants” column for the class or meeting in question.
More Help
https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us/articles/216378603-Generating-Meeting-Reports-for-Registration-and-Polling"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Lightworks video editor
Lightworks is a free-to-use video editor. You get a 7-day trial and then you must register to continue using. It is completely free to continue using, as long as you register. 
Kevin personally uses Lightworks for smaller video projects and Adobe Premiere Pro for multiple larger video projects (especially if they require multiple tracks, effects, and quality+performance is very important) because renders can be queued.

Below are two great video links, with timestamps as well so you can easily look up the stuff you want with a video tutorial.
Lightworks - Tutorial for Beginners in 10 MINUTES! [ 2020 Updated ]
Lightworks 14 2018 Tutorial - Designed for Beginners (This is 30 minutes, but this is what Kevin used to learn Ligthworks in 30 minutes 1.5x speed).

This is the initial screen, you can Create a new project.. in the top left
Frame rate you can set to auto, but sometimes its good to set it to 30 or 60fps because some video capture devices (like GPUs) like to have variable frame rate.
Create a video project. Set the name and framerate.

Import audio and video files in the LOG tab. Bottom left of LOG tab you'll see ""Local Files"" where you can select multiple files and import them.

Edit the video in the EDIT tab, drag your audio/video files onto the track. Slide the red vertical bar to adjust current video position, hit the DEL key to make a cut. Right-click any clips to remove/delete and change their audio speed.

Add video effects in the VFX tab by dragging your effect component onto the clip that you want to apply it on.

Add audio effects in the AUDIO tab, but it's the same deal as VFX. You can also set volume caps/thbresholds for each track in the top right. LR is the master audio, meaning changing LR will change the audio output of ALL tracks. Change the audio level of a track by sliding up/down the dotted line of an audio track. You can also fade-in/fade-out audio by dragging the top-left and top-right corners of audio tracks (but the fade period is measured in frames, not seconds).

Once complete, you can export your movie/project/sequence (it's technically called a sequence)."
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
echo360 -- Q and A Feature
Introduction
The Q&A Feature in echo360 will let you answer text questions from students and ask them text questions.
As soon as you or a student posts a question or response, you'll see the question appear.
How Students Use Q&A
Send your students the following links on using the Q&A feature.
Viewing and Posting Questions During Class (while in the classroom)
https://support.echo360.com/customer/portal/articles/2860776?b_id=16608&t=790020
https://support.echo360.com/customer/portal/articles/2860776?b_id=16608&t=790020
Responding to Questions or Posts in the Classroom
https://support.echo360.com/customer/portal/articles/2860800?b_id=16608&t=790020
How Instructors Use Q&A
Video instructions are on the webpage below.
https://1513041.mediaspace.kaltura.com/media/Echo360+Q+and+A+Feature/1_rmyc1wnu
Written step-by-step instructions are below.
Here's how to use the Q&A Feature in echo360.
Enter echo360 through your Bb Learn course shell, but do not click on a specific class recording or broadcast date.
If you are not sure how to do this, see the following webpage. echo360 -- First Use in Bb Learn

Click the ""Q&A"" link or tab.
    

Choose whether to see ""All Questions,"" ""General Questions"", or questions from a specific class.  

To respond to an existing question:

Click on an existing question.
Click ""RESPOND TO THIS QUESTION.""
Follow the on-screen instructions.

To post a new question, click ""NEW QUESTION."""
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Microsoft Teams Guest Link
Getting a Guest Link for non-scheduled meeting (only works on Web/Desktop)
Go to Calendar
Instead of + New meeting, click Meet now

Do all the jazz to join the meeting, set up your audio/video
Click Show participants and you should see a copy symbol that resembles 2 links chained to each other. Click this to paste the invitation information to your clipboard

Paste this text into a word processor like Word or G Docs or Outlook because this is rich text and copying it into Notepad will actually lose the links.
Hover over the Join Microsoft Teams Meeting and you'll see the link. You can also Ctrl+Click on it to navigate to the link and then copy that from your favorite browser's address bar

Getting a Guest Link by scheduling a meeting
Simply schedule a meeting, fill in the required information, and add participants. You can invite members with their emails, Drexel or non-Drexel affiliated.

Microsoft Teams Guest Link"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
echo360 -- Troubleshooting Recording Playback Issues
Asked to Login? Here are Steps to Try
You generally should not need to login to Echo360, so if you are being asked to do so, try the following.
Do not use:
Internet Explorer, the old default web browser in Windows 8.1 and below. Microsoft is only do occasional security updates now for it.
Edge, the current default web browser in Windows 10. It has issues with Bb Learn and various other websites.
Access Echo360 through the Bb Learn course:
Login to https://learn.dcollege.net/ and logging in with your DrexelOne or DrexelConnect userid and password.
Click the course whose lectures you wish to view in Echo360, the ""echo360 Class Recordings"" link in the left navigation panel.
And click the ""echo360 Class Recordings for [YOUR COURSE]"" link near the top of the page.
Disable any & all privacy enhancing or script blocking or fingerprint fooling or ad blocking plug-ins, add-ons, extensions, or settings in your web browser.
Vist https://echo360.org (but do not login, though it's okay if you are in Bb Learn and you are auto-logged in to echo360) there, and that will make it easier to disable these by tapping the appropriate icons in your browser web address bar or upper right toolbar.
Firefox instructions:
https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/enhanced-tracking-protection-firefox-desktop
Chrome has no built-in features that you should need to enable for this.
Add-ons or plug-ins or extensions can usually be clicked on when you visit the page to disable for just that website.
If you are using a work computer, and run into issues, the problem could very well be that your work computer is blocking web services and/or related applications need by Echo360 to work.
So if you run into issues on your work computer, try your personal computer.
Clear your cache in your Web Browser
Chrome Instructions
https://support.google.com/accounts/answer/32050?co=GENIE.Platform%3DDesktop&hl=en
Firefox Instructions
https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/how-clear-firefox-cache
Enable Cookies in your Web Browser
Most people need to have cookies enabled in their web browser. Here's how for major web browsers.
Chrome
https://support.echo360.com/customer/portal/articles/2928710-chrome-recommended-browser-configuration?b_id=16610
Firefox
https://support.echo360.com/customer/portal/articles/2928830-firefox-recommended-browser-configuration?b_id=16610
Safari
https://support.echo360.com/customer/portal/articles/2928694-safari-recommended-browser-configuration?b_id=16610
Additional Information
https://support.echo360.com/customer/portal/articles/2928694-safari-recommended-browser-configuration?b_id=16610
Try a different web browser. Use of Chrome or Firefox is recommended. Both are free to download.
Chrome: https://www.google.com/chrome/
Firefox: https://www.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/
Cannot Find One or More Recordings
For the “COURSES” section in Echo360, the “Default” order in the “Sort By” drop-down menu is odd.
Scroll down to the bottom of the Echo360 “COURSES” webpage for your Drexel CCI course.
Or if you change the “Sort By” drop-down menu to “Oldest,” you’ll see the one or more recordings that you are missing.
If you still cannot find a recording, contact the Drexel CCI iCommons HelpDesk at 215-895-2480 or ihelp@drexel.edu.
Audio Is Hard to Hear
Is the audio hard to hear in an Echo360 recording or live video stream? Then try the following:
Adjust the volume slider when playing an Echo360 recording or live video stream:

Adjust your computer's volume
For Macs or Apple computer or laptops: https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT203186
Ignore the recommendation to upgrade your Mac OS or macOS.
For Windows computers: http://www.thewindowsclub.com/adjust-volume-for-individual-programs-windows
In particular check out the ""Volume Mixer"" section, but the whole webpage has lots of good suggestions for adjusting sound.
If the above webpage for Windows does not help, see the following webpage.
https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/help/4026994/windows-fix-sound-problems
https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/help/4026994/windows-fix-sound-problems
Install Browser Extension
If you are having trouble hearing a professor due to low audio, or bad audio, one possible work-around solution to try is to download/install the Chrome web browser and install the ""Volume Master"" extension from the Chrome Web Store at the link below.
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/volume-master/jghecgabfgfdldnmbfkhmffcabddioke
We cannot find a similar link for Firefox as of yet. The above link has a good chance of working for other Chrome-based web browsers, such as the new Microsoft Edge and the Brave web browser, as well, which may be less resource intensive on your computer.
If none of the advice above helps, contact us using information at the bottom of this webpage you are reading this on.
No Audio or Video or Recording Feed Freezes or Stutters
No video or audio in Echo360? Or audio and video feed coming in and out? Try the following steps:
Step 1
Logout of Echo360 and Bb Learn.
Close your internet browser completely.
Reopen your internet browser.
Log back into your Bb Learn course shell at https://learn.dcollege.net .
Try to access the Echo360 recordings again in the ""Echo360 Class Recordings"" area.
Click the ""Echo360 Class Recordings for [YOUR COURSE]"" link within that area.
Do not watch or share audio or video in Bb Collaborate Ultra when using Echo360.
If this does not work, try next step.
Step 2
Close your internet browser completely, and try a different internet browser.
If this doesn't work, try next step.
Step 3
You may somehow be having the wrong email address (long form is needed rather than the short form) or the wrong password get sent to Echo360.
A password reset may fix this. Here's how.
Find your Drexel long form email address.
Usually, it is your full name, with a period between the first, middle initial, and last name, followed by @drexel.edu.
Example: michael.j.galloway@drexel.edu . (Your long-form email address will be different.)
Enter Bb Learn at https://learn.dcollege.net , and try to enter Echo360 again.
If no login screen appears, logout of Bb Learn, and visit the Echo360 website (link below).
https://echo360.org/directLogin
If an Echo360 login screen appears in either Bb Learn or the Echo360 website, move onto step 4.
When you get to the login screen, enter your long form email address.
Use your Bb Learn password as your password.
If that doesn't log you in, click ""Forgot your password""
If prompted, enter your long form email address.
Click ""Send Email.""
Log out of Bb Learn too (if logged in).Close all open internet browser windows and tabs.
Wait 30 seconds.
Open your internet browser.
Follow the instructions in the email after receiving it.
Logout of Echo360 (if in Echo360).
Login to Bb Learn, and try again.
CCI Technical Staff -- Reboot Echo360 Device and Check Classroom Microphone for Serious Technical Issues
CCI Technical Staff: For any serious issues, try rebooting the Echo360 device and making sure the classroom microphone is not muted using the instructions below.
echo360 -- Rebooting echo360 Devices in CCI Classrooms
NEEDS UPDATE - echo360 -- Muting the Microphone during a Recording or Broadcast
For live broadcasts, interrupt the class for the 30 seconds or one-minute it takes to restart the device and/or turn on the microphone.
Echo360 takes 10 minutes or so to fully reboot. The live video stream and recording will start immediately afterwards again, but there will be a 10 minute or so gap.
If that doesn't work, offer to set-up Bb Collaborate Ultra in the classroom.
See Bb Collaborate Ultra
Slow Computer Response or High CPU or GPU Load
If your computer is running really slow and/or has a high GPU or CPU or processing load, then try the following:
Shrink the size of one or more of the video windows for the Echo360 broadcast, and/or the size of the internet browser tab where the videos are playing.
You may be able to reduce the size of the video windows in the internet browser.
If that doesn't help. change your computer's display resolution to something much, much lower.
If that doesn't help, follow the instructions in the section above called ""No Audio or Video or Recording Feed Freezes or Stutters.""
This issue can happen on 4K monitors, especially if there are hardware compatibility issues.
Enable Cookies in Safari on a Mac
Mac Safari users,
If you get a message about allowing cookies:
Click the ""Safari"" menu at the top left in Sarari.
Click ""Preferences.""
Click ""Privacy.""
Select ""Always allow"" next to ""Cookies and website data.""
Close the ""Security"" window.
Reload the Bb Learn webpage.
Safari is an internet browser on a Mac or Apple computer.
Mono Sound Only or Sound from One Speaker or Headphone
If you have mono sound (sound coming from one speaker or side of your headphones) when listening to Echo360 recordings, check your computer's sound settings, and then contact ihelp@drexel.edu to let us know if the issue persists. The following are work-around solutions that should help until a permanent solution is found.
Work-around Solution for Mac Users
You can make mono sound go to both your left and right speakers or headphones on a Mac by doing the following:
Click the Apple icon in the upper left corner of your Mac desktop display.
Click ""System Preferences.""
Click ""Accessibility.""
Check the box next to ""Play stereo audio as mono.""
Close the ""Accessibility"" window and you should now hear mono audio from both your left and right speakers or headphones.
Work-around Solution for Windows Users with Headphones
If you have headphones on a Windows PC (7, 8.1, 10), the following should make mono sound go to both your left and right headphones.
We currently don't have any solution for making the mono sound go to both speakers with a Windows PC, unfortunately.
Right-click the speaker icon in the lower-right of your Windows desktop display.
Click ""Playback devices.""
Under the ""Playback"" tab, right-click your sound output device, and then click ""Properties.""
Click the ""Enhancements"" tab.
Scroll down and check ""Headphone Virtualization.""
Click ""OK.""
Static Occasionally in Audio
Some users on some computers may hear occasional static. We're trying to figure out why this is happening still.
We do have a proposed work-around solution if the issue is that static occasionally comes from one speaker or side of your headphones, but no other sound is heard from that side.
WARNING: You won't be able to use the work-around solutions for mono sound above with the work-around solution below, however.
Work-around Solution for Mac Users
The following should prevent the right or left speaker or headphone from making any noise at all on a Mac.
Click the Apple icon in the upper left corner of your Mac desktop display.
Click ""System Preferences.""
Click ""Sound.""
Click ""Output"" so that it is highlighted.
Click your ""device for sound output.""
Move the slider in the ""Balance"" area either all the way to the left or right.
You will want to move away from the speaker or headphone side that is making no sound except occasional static.
Close the ""Sound"" window.
Work-around Solution for Windows Users
If you have headphones on a Windows PC (7, 8.1, 10), the following should prevent the right or left speaker or headphone from making any noise at all.
Right-click the speaker icon in the lower-right of your Windows desktop display.
Click ""Playback devices.""
Under the ""Playback"" tab, right-click your sound output device, and then click ""Properties.""
Click the ""Levels"" tab.
Click ""Balance""
Bring either the ""L"" or ""R"" speaker level all the way down to 0.
You will want to do this for whichever speaker makes no sound at all except for occasional static.
Click ""OK.""
Click ""OK.""
Click ""OK."""
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Zoom -- Captions and Transcripts
Everyone at Drexel has a Zoom Pro account at https://drexel.zoom.us
Always use https://drexel.zoom.us for your Drexel Zoom meetings, and click “Sign in Standard.”
If you record a Zoom session, you can get machine-generated auto-captioning,
by doing the following before you start the Zoom meeting
(and you can leave it enabled for future Zoom meetings).
Do these steps just once.
Visit https://drexel.zoom.us , click “Sign In Standard,” & login.
Click “Settings.”
Click “Recording.""
Make sure “Audio transcript” is checked (and click “Save” if you make changes).
Do these steps after each recording.
Wait 3 hour recording could take 5-7 hours or up to 1 day to process.
Shorter recordings usually take less time.
Make sure you clicked “End Meeting for All” at end of meeting and didn’t just leave the meeting,
or your processing/wait time will be delayed until the meeting ends itself after 24 hours.
After the recording is ready (or to check if it's ready),
go to https://drexel.zoom.us ,
click “Sign In Standard,”
login,
& click “Recordings.""
Click the recording, and download the .srt or .vtt “audio transcript.”
A .srt or .vtt file is a plain text (a file with only text and no formatting) that has time stamps in a certain format.
You should be able to open it in Microsoft Word.
Contact ihelp@drexel.edu if you have issues.
If you need the timestamps removed,
see Zoom -- Closed Captioning and Removing TimeStamps"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Record Screen on iPad, iPhone, or iOS Device -- Older Alternative Method
If you have an issue with these directions, particularly if you are using macOS Sierra 10.12.4, try updating your iOS (iPad/iPhone) mobile device to the latest stable update.
Connect your iPad/iPhone/iOS device to your Mac computer by the USB Lightning cable.
This is the charging cable that came with your iPad/iPhone/iOS device.
Enter pin/password or use fingerprint reader to unlock your iPad/iPhone/iOS device.
If prompted:
Tap ""Trust"" on your iPad/iPhone/iOS device.
Allow access to iTunes.
Sign into your iCloud or Apple account.
On your Mac computer, open ""QuickTime"" from the ""Applications"" folder.
If prompted to open a file, click ""Done.""
Click ""File""
Click ""New Movie Recording.""
Click the tiny down arrow or next to the red record button.

Select your iPad/iPhone/iOS device.

Not seeing your iPad/iPhone/iOS device display on your Mac computer display?
Quit ""QuickTime."" Disconnect your iPad/iPhone/iOS device display from your Mac computer, wait 20 seconds, and redo all of the above steps again.
If you want to record, visit the Apple support webpage below, click the ""Record"" button there (or scroll down to the ""Record"" section).
https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT201066"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Zoom -- Group Work or Breakout Rooms
Update Zoom and Enable Breakout Rooms
FIRST! Update Zoom first to latest version.
Zoom Updating or Updates
Video on how to enable Breakout Rooms in Zoom.
https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us/articles/206476093
Using Breakout Rooms -- Video
CO-HOSTS can now manage breakout rooms!
The following is a how to handle online group work ""during class"" or ""during lab.""
https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us/articles/206476313-Managing-Video-Breakout-Rooms
Student or Participant Instructions
https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us/articles/115005769646-Participating-in-Breakout-Rooms
Pre-Assigning Participants to Breakout Rooms
Zoom -- Pre-Assign Participants to Breakout Rooms
Students Create Meeting Rooms and Share with Other Students
Zoom -- Students Create Meeting Rooms and Share with Other Students"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Zoom -- SSO Single Sign-On and Host Sign-In
Video Instructions
https://1513041.mediaspace.kaltura.com/media/Zoom+--+Signing+into+the+Zoom+App+with+your+Drexel+Login+using+SSO/1_si5nvwhb
We do not cover signing out of drexel.zoom.us and zoom.us first in the video above, but we do recommend that.
Quick Instructions
Go to https://drexel.zoom.us
Sign in with Drexel userid & password.

Open the Zoom program or application (app) on your computer.
SIGH OUT in the Zoom app.
To sign out, click your initials in upper right in the Zoom app.
You will see ""Sign Out"" there.
Not sure where to find the Zoom program or application? See next section below.

In the Zoom app on your computer,
Click SSO or ""Sign in with SSO.""
Type drexel in front of .zoom.us (if prompted).
Or type-in
drexel.zoom.us
Enter Drexel userid & password when prompted.

You’ll then have access to your licensed Drexel Zoom Pro account.
You definitely want to use your licensed Drexel Zoom Pro account for any meetings with Drexel students, staff, instructors, and faculty. All Drexel students, staff, instructors, and faculty have access to a licensed Zoom Pro acount, using the instructions above.
Finding the Zoom Application or Program on your Computer
Find the Zoom program or application on your computer in the Start menu for Windows. 
Or the Finder window on Mac where your Applications are listed.
Or through Launchpad or Spotlight search, etc. 
Open the Zoom program or application the same way you'd open Word or PowerPoint:
click or double-click the program to open it. 
If you can't find the Zoom program or application on Mac, click & hold the command key, and tap the spacebar once.
Then search for Zoom in the search bar that appears. 
If you still cannot find the Zoom program or application, visit https://drexel.zoom.us , sign in, and click to host a meeting in upper right. This will install Zoom if it's not already installed as a program or application.
Confirm You are Logged into your Zoom Pro Account
Zoom -- Confirm Licensed Zoom Pro Login in Zoom App
Claim Host Role During Meeting
Zoom -- Claim Host Role during a Meeting
Alternate Instructions
Without clicking a Zoom meeting link, find the Zoom application.
Mac: Look in your Applications folder in Finder or Spotlight Search.
Windows: Look in the Start menu.
Cannot find Zoom?: Zoom may not be installed.
Visit https://drexel.zoom.us > click ""Sign In Standard"" > login through Drexel Connect > click ""Host a Meeting"" with video on or off.
Download/install & open/run Zoom or zoom .us when prompted.

Click ""zoom .us"" menu > Sign In.
Or click ""File"" > ""Sign in.""
Click ""Sign Out"" if you do have a ""Sign In"" option.

Click “SSO Sign in with SSO” or “Sign In with SSO.”


Type in “drexel” (without quotes) next to “. zoom. us”. And click “Continue.”

If prompted & if your web browser opens to the Drexel Connect webpage,
sign in with your Drexel userid and password.

         

Click ""Open link"" (and/or click “Open zoom .us"" and/or click ""Open Zoom"" or the like).
If prompted & if your web browser opens to the Drexel Connect webpage,
sign in with your Drexel userid and password.

Now, quit the Zoom application.
But do *not* sign out in the Zoom application.

You can sign out of Zoom in your web browser if you wish now. Just not the Zoom application itself.
To sign out of Zoom in a web browser (if you wish):
Click “Drexel University Zoom” > “Sign In Standard” > person icon in upper right > “SIGN OUT”.
No need to click “DISCONNECT” unless you want to sign out of all standard Drexel websites.
Now, if you click a Zoom meeting link that you created/scheduled, you will enter as a Host.
And for other Zoom meetings links, you will enter with your Drexel Account.
Need Different Password?
Zoom -- If Zoom Asks for a Password or Login
Optional Video: Zoom Overview for TA & Instructors
https://1513041.mediaspace.kaltura.com/media/Zoom+Overview+for+TA%27s+and+Instructors+-+September+2020+PUBLIC/1_9wpezg2v"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
How to Build Objects in Gather.Town
Builder Mode
To build objects in gather.town, you first need to create a space. Once you have your space created, follow the steps below to build and add objects to decorate your space:
Select the space you would like to build on
Once loaded into space, select the hammer icon in the left navigation panel


You can choose from the recent objects or you can build your own by clicking on “Open object picker” and clicking on “create new”




Once you click on “create new” there will be various pre-built images to choose from
You can also choose to upload you own image, click “Choose file” and choose an image you would like to upload to your space


After you upload an image, this window will pop up:

a.  You can select “no interaction” and place it anywhere you like on your space.|
b.  You can select “image poster” to have a bigger picture of the image you upload.
c.  You can select “video” to link your image to a video from Youtube
d.  You can select “embedded website” to link your image to your own website without having to leave gather.town
e.  You can select “external call” to link your image to a Google Hangout link or a Zoom call within gather.town
f.  Or you can select “note object” to have your image display a welcoming message, for example, “Have a nice day!”

After you have selected the interaction, you can place the object by pressing the spacebar on your keyboard.
To remove or erase the object, simply press on “Erase” next to “Build” and move to your object and press the spacebar on your keyboard."
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Zoom Updating or Updates
Mac
Enter your Applications folder in Finder or Spotlight Search.
Click ""zoom .us"" menu in upper left.
Click ""Check for Updates.""
Windows
Open the Start menu or Windows menu in lower left.
Click your initials or picture in upper right of Zoom.
Click ""Check for Updates.""
Additional Instructions & Help
https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us/articles/201362233-Where-Do-I-Download-The-Latest-Version-"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
echo360 -- Interactive Features Video
Video Length
~9 minutes
Video Link
https://1513041.mediaspace.kaltura.com/media/Echo360+Interactive+Features/1_ukrfje0n
Video Outline
     1. Check for Class Capture area in your Bb Learn course shell
          (a) If missing, contact Mike Galloway
     2. Enter Echo360 system through Class Capture area
          (a) Allow pop-ups on first-use
               i. Then visit course home page and try again
     3. Adding a virtual classroom
     4. Adding content to virtual class
          (a) Upload file
          (b) Import pre-existing Echo360 presentations
          (c) Create new presentationAdd slides
               i. Add activity
                    1. Multiple choice
                    2. Short answer
                    3. Image quiz
                    4. Ordered list
                    5. Numerical question
               i. Add other activities or slides
     5. Instructor point of view of slide/activity
          (a) # of submissions
          (b) Stop/re-start activity
          (c) See results
          (d) Show correct answers to students
          (e) Reset activity
          (f) Hide/unhide slide/activity
     6. Student point of view of activity
          (a) Enter Echo360 course page through Class Capture area
          (b) Can send a response by phone text message
               i. Student must add number in their account profile
     7. Q&A Feature
          (a) Discussion Board forums on specific class or course in general
          (b) Instructor view
          (c) Student view
          (d) New posts appear without needing to refresh the page.
     8. Export activity results to your computer
     9. Export to Grade Center
          (a) not working as of yet"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
echo360 -- Troubleshooting on a mobile device
If you are having trouble making echo360 work on a mobile device, the following link should help ensure that you can use Echo360 on your mobile device.
https://support.echo360.com/customer/portal/articles/2969908?b_id=16609"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Descript
Instructions
Below is a how-to video on using Descript.
How-To Video for Descript
The video linked above goes over how to:
Take a screen recording using Descript using their built-in screen recorder
Upload a video for editing to Descript
Transcribing a video
Removing filler words from audio/screen recording
Replacing words in a transcript generated by Descript
Deleting clips of audio from audio/screen recording

Importing an Existing Transcript to Sync with Video/Audio
If you have an existing transcript for a video or audio clip, Descript is able to sync this transcript with your clip to allow for editing within its software.
Instructions on how to import an existing transcript are at 1:33 of the video below:
Import an Existing Transcript

Adding Pauses Between Clips of Audio
When deleting clips of audio from an audio/screen recording, there may be an split between two clips being too close, which may require a pause to be inserted between them.
To add a gap of silence at a certain point of your audio, right-click at the bottom of your Descript window where you want the gap clip to be entered:
Upon clicking ""Insert gap clip"", a grey space should appear at the location in which you right clicked:
You can drag this gray bar to the left/right to make the pause longer or shorter, depending on what your audio needs."
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Zoom -- Joining a Zoom Meeting - No Link
The only options to join a Zoom meeting when you don’t have the Zoom meeting link are as follows:
Someone else in the meeting, particularly a host, co-host, or alternative host needs to do this.
They click ""Participants"" icon,
and click the ""Invite"" button.
Then send you the info.
Or they can get the Meeting ID, Passcode, and Join Link
by clicking circled i icon
or...
shield icon
in the top left corner of the Zoom Meeting window (during a meeting).
If you have the meeting ID but no link:
If a password is set
(beyond Drexel authentication for Drexel meetings),
you'll need that password too.
Visit https://drexel.zoom.us
Click “Join…”
Enter the Meeting ID."
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Zoom -- Multiple Presenters on Multiple PC's in Same Room
If you are using the Zoom virtual video conferencing web service...
If you have multiple presenters with multiple laptops or computers...
FIRST: Set-up Zoom on a moderator or tech person’s laptop.
That is the Host Zoom session.
SECOND: Set-up Zoom on each presenters laptop before the meeting.
Do not connect to audio on the presenter laptops.
Do not make the presenter a Host.
For quick Zoom set-up:
Visit https://zoom.us on their laptop.
Click “Join Meeting.”
Enter the “Meeting ID.""
See link below for how to get Meeting ID during a meeting easily.
Zoom -- Get Meeting ID and Quality Stats during Meeting
For a Meeting ID, look at:
The Zoom meeting information that was sent to you.
The last numbers in the Zoom meeting link.
Those numbers are the Meeting ID.
The numbers at the top of a Zoom window on another computer already joined everywhere.
When a presenter steps up to the podium,
enable full screen sharing on the presenter’s laptop.
When a presenter finishes,
stop screen sharing there.
When a new presenter steps up to the podium,
enable full screen sharing on the new presenter’s laptop.
Repeat the above as needed.
You can do the same in a completely online Zoom meeting.
Except there’s no podium.
Replace “steps up to the podium” above with “starts to present” above."
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Zoom -- Using Registration for Public Zoom Meetings
Introduction
If you are hosting an event that is open to the public,
using the Zoom Registration feature can be of great assistance.
You want people to sign up or ""register"" to know who is attending.
You can generate an RSVP list for who is attending the event.
And lets you only share the Zoom link with those who registered.
Registration for small meetings or classroom use is probably more work than it's worth.
We highly recommend the following for *ALL* Drexel Zoom meetings.
Zoom -- Managing Users, Privacy, and Security Measures
For any Zoom Meetings whose links are listed on a public website or that will have a large audience,
we also HIGHLY RECOMMEND the following
to keep the meeting secure and free of Zoom bombing ( Zoombombing ).
Zoom Virtual Walk-In Meetings or Public Links
Instructions
Here are 9 steps on how to use the Zoom Registration feature.
Login to Zoom at https://drexel.zoom.us
Click ""Meetings.""
Create a new meeting,
or click an existing meeting.
For ""Registration,"" check the ""Required"" box.

Scroll to the bottom of that meeting,
look under the ""Registration"" tab,
and click ""Edit"" in the ""Registration Options"" line.

In ""Registration"" window, select ""Manually Approve.""
Also check ""Close registration after event date.""
The ""Automatically Approve"" option is not recommended.
Enable other settings if you wish.

Under ""Questions,""
check what fields of information you want people to fill out when they register.
You can add ""Custom Questions,"" if you wish.

Click ""Save All.""
Share the Zoom meeting link with who you wish.
The meeting link is now a registration link."
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Troubleshooting Remote Desktop
NEEDS REVISION!!!!!!!!!!!

Basic Items to Cover First
If the user is off-campus, are they connected (for sure) to Drexel's VPN?
Let the user know we may need to sign them out or reboot the computer.
(a) LAST RESORT DURING COVID-19 Quarantine
(b) May not be able to login them back in.
Login as Administrator on the computer that they are connecting to.
(a) If the computer is not on, that's a problem.
Make sure the computer has an internet connection.
(a) Open Edge or a web browser. Browse to some random news story or website. Don't just check that there's an internet signal.
Is ""Allow remote connections to this computer"" enabled?
(a) Click Start. Search for ""Control Panel"" (no quotes). Search for ""remote desktop"" (no quotes) in the ""Control Panel"" window. Click ""Allow remote access"". In the ""System Properties"" window, be sure that ""Allow remote connections to this computer"" is selected and not grayed out.
(b) Make sure the checkbox that only allows uses with Network Level Authentication is checked.
Is the user in the list of allowed remote desktop users.
(a) If the ""System Properties"" window is not still open, follow instructions for 4.1 again.
(b) Click ""Select Users.""
(c) Make sure the user's userid appears as an allowed user for remote desktoping, along mjg88 and bjb344 and jpm46 and icommonscrc, and such.
Check that the user has the correct IP address.
(a) Click Start, type in ""cmd"" (without quotes), type in at the command line prompt in the cmd.exe/terminal window:
(b) ipconfig /all
(c) Press Enter/Return.
(d) In the Ethernet section, look for the IPv4 address.
(e) Make sure the user is using the same one.
If you or the users sees a ""Remote Desktop Connection"" error window appear that says:
""An authentication error has occurred.

The function requested is not supported.

Remote computer: ccisccm
This could be due to CredSSP encryption oracle remediation.
For more information, see https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=866660 ""

Solution: RECOMMEND downloading Microsoft Remote Desktop app from Microsoft Store, which is built into all Windows 10 instances. Look in the Start menu under ""M"" or search for ""Microsoft Store,"" then search the Microsoft Store for ""Microsoft Remote Desktop.""
Their version of Microsoft Remote Desktop is old and incompatible.
Microsoft Account Authentication
If the login prompt shows ""MicrosoftAccount/userid"", instead of using the userid or ""DREXEL/userid"", you can use your DREXEL/userid when entering the password. However, make sure that you have the latest version of Microsoft Remote Desktop application available on the Windows Store or Microsoft.
If you are asked to sign in on the store, cancel or decline, but you will still need to download the Microsoft Remote Desktop app"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
echo360 -- Uploading Video and Polling or Adding a Quiz
Uploading a Video -- Video Instructions
Watch the video below for how to edit the video. Or add polling or quizzes.
https://1513041.mediaspace.kaltura.com/media/echo360+--+Upload+Video+to+Section%2C+with+Editing+and+Polls+or+Quizzes/1_ur3u7hhn
Need to create an Echo360 link in a Bb Learn course section? See following:
https://1513041.mediaspace.kaltura.com/media/echo360+--+Make+a+Link+to+Echo360+in+a+Bb+Learn+course+section/1_3a33kogi
Screen record with Echo360 on your personal computer? See following:
echo360 -- Screen Recording from a Personal Computer
Uploading Video -- Written Instructions
Watch the 1st video link above for how to edit the video. Or add polling or quizzes.
Below are written instructions for how to upload a video
In your Bb Learn course section, click the ""echo360 Class Recordings"" link in the left-hand navigation.
Need to create an Echo360 link in a Bb Learn course section? See following:
https://1513041.mediaspace.kaltura.com/media/echo360+--+Make+a+Link+to+Echo360+in+a+Bb+Learn+course+section/1_3a33kogi
Click ""Access echo360 Class Recordings for..."" link.
Click the ""New Class"" button.
If you click ""Create"" and ""Upload,"" the video will be added to your Library only, and not associated to a particular Bb Learn course section without additional work on your part.

Click the ""+"" sign in the newly added row.
Click ""Add Video.""

Enter a ""Name"" like ""Week 2 Lecture"" or ""Week 2 Tues Lecture"" or what you will.
And select Start Date, Start time, and Duration. These dates/times do not have to match the video.
These dates/times do NOT affect when a video becomes available to students. More on that below.
Description is optional.
Click OK.

Click ""Upload a file.""
Select your video to upload.

Dark and light gray bars behind the circled play arrow icon means the video is processing.
You will get an email when the video has finished processing.

Click or  arrow > ""Availability Settings"" to set when the video should appear to students, if you do not want it to appear right away.

Alternate Video on Editing, as well as Uploading, Quizzes or Polling
Video editing has been disabled for now, but...
The following video covers uploading to Library instead, but also covers editing, quizzes, and polling:
https://1513041.mediaspace.kaltura.com/media/echo360+--+Uploading+Video/1_vu1j3bjz"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Channels
Introduction
Channels let you organize videos you have saved under your account in Kaltura or Drexel Streams.
It's debatable how useful they are.
Create a Channel
Click link above to collapse this area.
Login to Drexel One with Drexel userid and password.
https://one.drexel.edu
Click ""Campus+Community.""

Scroll down under ""Technology Services,"" click ""Drexel Streams.""

On the new webpage, click your name in the upper right.
Your name will appear instead of ""Michael Galloway.""
 Click ""My Channels"" link under your name in the upper right.
Your name will appear instead of ""Michael Galloway.""
 Click ""Create Channel.""

 Enter a Name, Description (optional), and Tags (recommended but optional).
Separate ""Tag"" words or phrases by commas.
  Select ""Private"" under ""Privacy.""
Unless you want others to be able to add videos to this channel.

 Click ""Save"" at bottom of page.
  A message will save ""information saved,"" meaning the new channel is created.

 Your channel will not be named ""Skype Video Test Channel.""
Click the ""Back to Channel"" button at the bottom of the page, if you wish to start adding videos to the channel.
 
Adding Audio or Videos to a Channel
Navigate to the Drexel Streams channel you wish to add videos to.
If you are not looking at this Drexel Streams channel, and do not know how to find a channel, click the link below.
FindingYourChannel
Then return here. Above link simply takes you further down this webpage.
Click the ""Add to Channel"" button.
  Type text in the ""Search"" box to search for videos to add to the channel.
Press Enter/Return on the keyboard after typing in search words or phrases.
  Wait 10-20 seconds for results to load.
Select videos to add to the channel from the search results.
Check the box next to each video you wish to add.
You can check/select other videos or checkboxes, of course, and you will likely not be searching for ""Skype"" videos.
 Click ""Publish"" to add the selected videos to the channel.
Of course, you will likely not be searching for ""Skype"" videos.
 Wait 10-20 seconds for videos to be added to channel.
A green ""All media was published successfully"" message will appear at the top of the webpage.
This means the videos have been added to the channel.
Your channel will not be called ""Skype Video Test Channel.""

Finding Your Channel
Login to Drexel One with Drexel userid and password.
https://one.drexel.edu
Click ""Campus & Community.""
 Scroll down under ""Technology Services,"" click ""Drexel Streams.""

On the new webpage, click your name in the upper right.
Your name will appear instead of ""Michael Galloway.""
 Click ""My Channels"" link under your name in the upper right.
Your name will appear instead of ""Michael Galloway.""
 Search for a channel.
Or ""View Channels I Manage"" and choose to see channels you are a member of, or are subscribed to.
Click the channel title link form the search results.
Sharing Your Channel
A Drexel faculty or professional staff member or active adjunct or instructor has to login to Drexel Connect or DrexelOne and visit the Drexel Streams webpage *before* they can view a video, no matter if the ""Open"" or ""Restricted"" or ""Private"" option is selected for the channel.
Doing so creates a Drexel Streams profile that is needed for accessing any videos shared this way on Drexel Streams.
A Drexel student is *not* able to watch any Drexel Streams video in a channel, unless
it's embedded in a Bb Learn course shell, 
or Drexel ITG (central Bb Learn office) modifies that particular student's Drexel Streams or Drexel online profile
or possibly if that video own permissions are set to ""Unlisted,"" which makes the videos viewable by anyone with a direct link to the video.
Drexel students cannot access Drexel Streams by default, so they cannot create a profile."
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Zoom--Using Sidecar on iPad and Mac Using Mirrored Display
Tagged with: zoom Ipad Mac sidecar mac laptop sidecar
Sidecar is a continuity and mirroring feature for Apple Mac and iPad. 
Note: It requires internet, Bluetooth and must meet the system requirements. 
iPad: Pro (all models), iPad 6th generation and later, iPad mini 5th generation and later and iPad Air 3rd generation or later.
Mac: MacBook Pro introduced in 2016 or later, MacBook introduced in 2016 or later, MacBook Air introduced in 2018 or later, iMac introduced in 2017 or later, or iMac (Retina 5K, 27-inch, Late 2015), iMac Pro, Mac mini introduced in 2018 or later, Mac Pro introduced in 2019 and Mac Studio.
Setup for Sidecar
Make sure you are signed in with the same ID on both devices.
Go to ""System Preferences"" > select ""displays"".
If iPad is not connected then select ""Add display pop-up"" > select your iPad.

Alternative: connect using 
Display in control center 
Display menu shown on the menu bar.
Zoom Set up
Once the Zoom app is opened.
Select the settings icon on the top right of the app > click on the general tab.
Select the ""Dual monitor button"".

To screen share select the screen share arrow icon on Zoom. The iPad screen should show as a desktop 2. You can drag whatever view, slide or app you want displayed on the iPad or Mac to both screens depending on your preference. 
This link contains a video that provides visuals."
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Accessing files in Microsoft Teams with Non-Drexel email
You will receive an email similar to this with an “open” button:



Once you click the open button, the SharePoint site will ask you to verify by sending a code to the email address you have accessed this link with (click send Code):



After clicking the send code button, you will receive another email with the code:



Enter the Code and click Verify to gain access to the files: 



From here the user is all set and can access and interact with the folder you have shared with them from your teams’ site via SharePoint."
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Edit Video or Video Settings
Quick Video Edit Instructions
If you already uploaded your video, light video editing in Kaltura can be done by logging in to Kaltura Drexel Streams at:
https://drexel.edu/it/streams
or...
https://1513041.mediaspace.kaltura.com/
Click ""My Media.
""Search for and click the video you want to edit.
Go to the editing function (look under ""Actions"") under the video.
Or click pencil icon next to video.
Click ""Launch Editor.""
You can save a copy of the video, or just use the original video.
Here's how to add your edited video to a Bb Learn course section.
Adding Media to Bb Learn via Kaltura or Drexel Streams
Upload the Video
If the video is not uploaded to Kaltura Drexel Streams:
Login to Kaltura Drexel Streams at:
https://drexel.edu/it/streams
or...
https://1513041.mediaspace.kaltura.com/
To upload a video, click +ADD NEW > Media Upload > agree to terms and conditions > +Choose a file to upload.
Follow on-screen instructions.
Editing the Video and its Settings -- Video Instructions
https://1513041.mediaspace.kaltura.com/media/Kaltura+Edit+and+Video+Editor+and+Closed+Caption+Request/1_jev20ec5
Video Editor NOT recommended for extensive video editing.
Quick editing is fine.
Video above covers Closed Captioning too.
Video Settings -- Written Instructions
VIDEO EDITING? GO TO NEXT SECTION BELOW.  This section is just on video settings.
NOTE: Changing the ""Title"" of a video will change its link or web address.
Find & click your video under ""My Media"" in Kaltura Drexel Streams at:
https://drexel.edu/it/streams
or...
https://1513041.mediaspace.kaltura.com/
Scroll down to & click ""ACTIONS"" > ""Edit.""
Various editing options provided.
Click link below for additional information on each & a screenshot.

Details: Edit video name and description. Add Tags to help with searching for it in My Media.

Options: ""Enable everyone to create clips from this video."" If you allow them to access it.

Collaboration: Change owner, or add co-editors and co-publishers. Covered here:
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Make Others Co-Editors, Co-Publishers, or Co-Viewers of Videos

Thumbnails: Change image someone sees in video player window before playing video. Covered here:
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Thumbnail Setting, or Setting Image Shown Before Video Is Played

Downloads: Allow anyone who can view the video within Drexel Streams or Kaltura My Media to download the video. Covered here:
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Allow Downloads

Captions: Upload captions for the video. You can request auto-captioning for any Kaltura Drexel Streams video by following instructions here:
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Captions

Attachments: Note that videos added to Bb Learn using Kaltura Media will show attachments. Click ""File Upload"" and upload one or more files. Follow on-screen instructions.

Timeline: You can make chapters and upload slides to play along, but generally too labor intensive to be of much use. Free/available video editors are a better way to go to add slides, but chapters won't come over with those.

Replace Media: Add an updated version of the video without changing the link or adding a new video. Click ""Choose a file to upload"" to upload the replacement video.

Just the ""Details"" tab is shown for brevity. But other options listed above.
Click title of video in order to return to normal view of video.
Video Editor -- Written Instructions
If you just need to remove stuff at the start and end, and 1 or 2 things in the middle, the editor is great.
You can have a lot of freezing or lost work if you do very heavy video editing in Kaltura.
But it often works fine for removing a few things or so.
Here's how:
Visit https://drexel.edu/it/streams
or...
https://1513041.mediaspace.kaltura.com/
and login.
Click ""My Media.""
Find and click the title of a video of yours.
Scroll down and click ""ACTIONS.""
Click ""Launch Editor.""
Click the film icon or .
It should say ""Video Editor"" at the top now.

Edit the video.
Video Editor --Tools Review
Here is help on the editing tools in Kaltura or Drexel Streams.
The blue line on the video timeline is the play head.
If you play the video, the video starts playing from here.
The ""Set In"" left bracket icon sets the new start time in the video.
Everything before it gets marked to be deleted.

The ""Set Out"" right bracket icon sets the new end time in the video.
Everything after it gets marked to be deleted. Click in the video where you want

Move the playhead blue line to where you want to cut.

The ""Split"" or cut scissors icon makes a segment in the video.
USE THIS OPTION TO REMOVE STUFF IN THE MIDDLE.

If you ""Split"" a segment in the middle,
you can use the ""Delete"" trash can icon to remove it.

Even Mike Galloway can't figure out how to use the Fade In/Out line segment icon for any desirable use.
But that's what that is.

Use the Undo or Redo curly arrows to undo or redo changes.
You can ""Reset"" or revert all changes with the  icon.

Want more precise movements with the blue line play head?
Move the ""Timeline Zoom"" slider right.
   
When finished:
Click ""Save"" to save your changes to the original.
Or click ""Save a Copy"" to make a copy.
Then click the Exit curved arrow icon to go back to the normal view of the video or media.
Here's how to add your edited video to a Bb Learn course section.
Adding Media to Bb Learn via Kaltura or Drexel Streams"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
mac OS Cmd-Shift-5 screen recorder
https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT208721#mojave
Mac only. Edit in QuickTime above.
IMPORTANT:
Include 5 seconds or so of extra recording at start & end. Sometimes gets cut off.
Do a test recording of 10-20 seconds first!
Upload a video as a comment in VoiceThread
https://voicethread.com/howto/recording-a-comment
Or use Kaltura Drexel Streams to Add Videos to Bb Learn Course Sections. Otherwise, you greatly slowdown Bb Learn for everyone.
Do not use this option with VoiceThread.
See Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Adding Media to Bb Learn"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Zoom -- Waiting Room to Manage Office Hours Attendance
Video Instructions - RECOMMENDED
Per the Zoom webpage below, ""The Waiting Room feature allows the host to control when a participant joins the meeting."" 
As the meeting host, you can admit attendees one by one or hold all attendees in the waiting room and admit them all at once.
This *short video below* does a great job of explaining how to use the ""Waiting Room"" feature in Zoom.
https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us/articles/115000332726-Waiting-Room
""Managing Participants"" = ""Participants"" panel or button.
Make sure you are the ""Host"" or ""Co-Host.""
Enabling Waiting Room Before a Scheduled Meeting
This is how you can enable the Waiting Room ahead of a scheduled meeting.
Go to http://drexel.zoom.us, click “Sign In Standard,” and login.
Click “Meetings.”
Click the scheduled meeting you want the waiting room for.
Scroll down to & click “Edit this Meeting.”
Scroll down to & check “Enable Waiting Room.”
Click “Save.”
Enabling or Disabling Waiting Room During a Meeting
https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us/articles/360022174112-Using-a-Waiting-Room-with-Zoom-Rooms#h_b2103f53-a263-4637-8b16-8f0ca9d6a538
""Managing Participants"" = ""Participants"" panel or button.
Admitting Participants During a Meeting
https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us/articles/360022174112-Using-a-Waiting-Room-with-Zoom-Rooms#h_8afff6b9-54a3-49ec-93dc-4b161d00987b
""Managing Participants"" = ""Participants"" panel or button.
Admit All Participants from the Waiting Room
https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us/articles/360022174112-Using-a-Waiting-Room-with-Zoom-Rooms#h_ed1916d1-c87c-495a-87ec-fe2416b1af8a
""Managing Participants"" = ""Participants"" panel or button.
Sending Participants to the Waiting Room During a Meeting
https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us/articles/360022174112-Using-a-Waiting-Room-with-Zoom-Rooms#h_fe31aa37-a07d-4b3e-8696-c578fd6285f6
""Managing Participants"" = ""Participants"" panel or button.
More Help
Most of the links above come from website below.
https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us/articles/360022174112-Using-a-Waiting-Room-with-Zoom-Rooms
""Managing Participants"" = ""Participants"" panel or button."
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Handbrake -- Smaller Video File Size or Converting Video
Handbrake is a free and open-source program that reduces the file size of videos, but keeps the overall video and audio quality.
It's technically video transcoder, letting you convert video formats and other options and such, but reducing video file sizes is what many, many people use it for.
Download it from here:
https://handbrake.fr/
Once installed, click ""Open Source,"" locate the movie file and select it, click ""Add to Queue,"" and ""Start Queue.""
The bottom of the Handbrake window, between the ""Save As"" and the file name, and the ""Browse"" button, will tell you where the outputted smaller file will end up.
A notification will appear when finished to ""Put down that cockatil..."", and the converted video file will be ready, and will be a smaller file size.
If you don't like the result, click the ""Preset"" menu > ""General"" > ""HQ1080p30 Surround,"" and then do the above instructions again. Rename the old or new (""Save As"") converted movie file, or click to replace the converted movie file when prompted. This will make a smaller video file than your original still, but not quite as small as you first attempt, but with a better picture quality and audio quality."
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Zoom Tips
General Tips
Do not use https:// zoom.us for Drexel Zoom.
Instead...
Use https://drexel.zoom.us for Drexel Zoom.

You can only host 1 meeting at a time on your own account.
Drexel Zoom meetings can be schedule to last as long as 24 hours long, if need be.
Zoom meetings recorded to the cloud are captioned and transcribed automatically.
Transcriptions are automatically made available to those who attend.
Captioning and transcripts are NOT good enough for those who need special accommodations.
International participants can use Zoom to hear and be heard for free through their computer.
International phone rates apply if the phone is used for audio.
Zoom Video Tutorials
https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us/articles/206618765-Zoom-Video-Tutorials
Zoom Hosting Tips (not covered here)
Zoom -- Hosting a Drexel Zoom Meeting
Drexel or Drexel CCI Background
Drexel Zoom Virtual Background
Drexel CCI Zoom Virtual Background
Troubleshooting
Zoom Troubleshooting -- Crash, Audio, Artifact, Lag, Freeze, More"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Zoom -- Whiteboard, 2nd Webcam, and Writing
Using PowerPoint
PowerPoint Use and Writing on iPad and iPhone or iOS or iPadOS
Zoom's Built-in Annotation or Whiteboard Feature
Video:
http://youtube.com/watch?v=aGRf0hL9ObQ
Or see:
https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us/articles/115005706806-Using-annotation-tools-on-a-shared-screen-or-whiteboard
Or for a shared whiteboard, see:
https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us/articles/205677665-Sharing-a-whiteboard
Enable Students/Participants Use of Shared Whiteboard
You can disable that, or enable that again. Here's how.
Login to https://drexel.zoom.us
Click Sign In Standard > Settings.
Scroll down to ""Annotation""
Click on/off switch to ""Allow participants to use annotation tools to add information to shared screens.""
Click on/off switch to ""Allow participants to share whiteboard during a meeting.""
Click on/off switch to ""Auto save whiteboard content when sharing is stopped.""
2nd Camera in Zoom
Join Meeting Again from Phone or Laptop
Concept can work with Bb Collaborate Ultra as well.
Works or Android, iPhone, iPad, ChromeOS, FireOS, Linux, or just a 2nd laptop or device.
https://1513041.mediaspace.kaltura.com/media/Zoom+Writing+Alternative+–+March+2020/1_bmp00qzk
Use iPhone, iPad, or iOS AirPlay
https://1513041.mediaspace.kaltura.com/media/Zoom+--+Use+iPad%27s+or+iPhone%27s+Built-In+AirPlay+for+2nd+Webcam/0_m9qbnkul
Use DroidCam App (Android)
Android shown here but works with iOS too. Super simple. Does not work on Mac laptops.
https://1513041.mediaspace.kaltura.com/media/DroidCam+app+-+Make+Android+Phone+or+Device+a+Webcam/0_n8s7hjss
Use EpocCam
Works with iPad or iPhone on Mac laptops and desktops. Newer iPads or iPhones recommended for this one.
https://1513041.mediaspace.kaltura.com/media/EpocCam+app+as+2nd+Webcam+for+iPad+or+iPhone/1_qd3qelai
Use Surface as a 2nd Monitor with Pen Support
 https://surfacetip.com/use-your-surface-as-a-portable-display/
Use Miro Virtual Whiteboard
This concept can also work with Bb Collaborate Ultra as well. Excellent virtual white board, with post-its!
https://1513041.mediaspace.kaltura.com/media/Miro+Virtual+White+Board+Introduction/1_r58nkijl"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Let Others Download Videos
Kaltura Drexel Streams now DOES allow students and others to download videos.
Here's how:
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Allow Downloads
ANOTHER very simple solution is to simply upload host the original video files to OneDrive. 
Then set the sharing permissions for either anyone with the link to access or anyone at Drexel (or with a Drexel account) to access. 
Instructions at the link below.
Office 365 -- OneDrive Sharing Files and Folders"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
echo360 -- Downloading Lecture Recordings Outside of Bb Learn
This guide tells instructors how to download echo360 lecture recordings from outside of Blackboard (Bb) Learn for Drexel's College of Computing & Informatics (CCI).
Visit the echo360 website.
   (a) https://echo360.org
Click ""Alternate Login.""

Use your long form Drexel email address and DrexelOne or Bb Learn password to login.
   (a) Example of long form email address: michael.j.galloway@drexel.edu
   (b) Your long form email address will be different.

     

   (c) Can't login? Click ""Forgot your password?"" and reset your password.
            i.  This will not affect how you login to echo360 through Bb Learn.
A page showing the most recent ""Active Term"" will appear.
   (a) If you see the class with the recordings you want to download, click the ""ALL CLASSES"" button for that class.
            i.  Then skip to step 5.

                 You will have different class names.
                 And you will click the ""ALL CLASSES"" button in a different class's row.
                  

   (b) If you do not:
         Click the ""Active Terms"" drop-down menu, and select the term for the class.
         

        If you see the class with the recordings you want to download, click the ""ALL CLASSES"" button for that class.
           1. Then skip to step 5.
            
        If you still do not see the recording:
           1. Click the ""Library"" link in the upper left.
          
           2. Search for a specific recording.
           3. Click the recording.
           4. Scroll down to ""Processed files"" section on the right.
             
           5. Click to download one of the recordings.
              (a) hd1 is an HD version of the video showing in the left panel.
              (b) hd2 is an HD version of the video showing in the right panel.
              (c) You likely will want one or both of these videos.
In the row of the date of the recording:
   (a) Click the green or gray arrow button.
   (b) Scroll down if necessary.
   (c) Click ""Download original.""
         There are 2 images below.
        
        
Choose to download computer display with audio, room video with audio, or audio only.
   (a) Click resolution (standard definition is SD, high definition is HD).
   (b) Click ""Download.""
   (c) Download and save the media file to your computer.
        "
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Drexel Zoom Virtual Backgrounds
Find a Drexel CCI Zoom Virtual Background Image:
https://drexel.edu/~/media/Images/cci/Resources/CCI_Zoom_background.ashx?la=en
or...
https://drexel.edu/it/help/a-z/zoom/
Scroll all the way down.
Right click & save the image that you like.
Put that image on our Zoom background.
You can download general Drexel backgrounds from here:
1_Drexel_zoom.jpg
2_Drexel_zoom.jpg
3_Drexel_zoom.jpg
4_Drexel_zoom.jpg
5_Drexel_zoom.jpg
You can also download the Drexel CCI background here: CCI_Zoom_background.jpg
Or...
Visit the CCI Community Resources page on Drexel CCI's website at:
https://drexel.edu/cci/about/cci-community-resources/
Scroll down to ""For CCI Faculty and Professional Staff.""
Click the ""Drexel CCI Zoom Background"" link."
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
QuickTime
QuickTime -- Converting Other Media
QuickTime -- INCLUDE
QuickTime -- Recovering a Video
QuickTime -- Screen Recording Instructions"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
OBS Studio
Introduction
OBS stands for Open Broadcaster Project. ""OBS Studio"" is a screen recorder that anyone can download and use on Windows, Mac, or Linux. With it, you can record video of anything on your computer display's desktop, record audio from a built-in or connected microphone, and record video from a built-in or connected webcam.
There is no time limit on recordings, but the longer and more involved the recording, the more storage space the recording will take up on your computer or wherever you choose to store it.
The user interface is a little different from what you may expect.
Installation
Install ""OBS Studio"" from the webpage below.
https://obsproject.com/
Works on Windows, Macs, and Linux computers.
May require download and installation of some DirectX software from Microsoft on a PC.
You should be taken through what to do to download and install the DirectX software, if necessary.
Instructions
Video
Video -- OBS Studio
Written Step-by-Step
Open the ""OBS Studio"" application.
After opening the ""OBS Studio"" application for the first time.
Click the ""OBS"" or ""File"" menu.
Click ""Preferences"" or ""Settings.""
Click ""Output.""
Make sure the ""Recording Path"" is where you want your recordings to go.
Click ""Browse"" to change this.
Under ""Recording,"" for ""Recording Format,"" choose mp4.
Click ""OK"" in lower right of ""Settings"" window.
If you want to record yourself speaking:
Under ""Mixer,"" make sure you see a green level indicator under ""Mic/Aux"" that moves as you speak.
If you don't, configure and test your microphone and speakers/headphones by visiting the webpage below, clicking “Mic Guides,” and selecting your operating system (OS).
http://www.onlinemictest.com/
If you don’t know your operating system, visit the webpage, below and look beneath where it says “YOUR WEB BROWSER IS:”
https://www.whatismybrowser.com/
If you still have issues, click the gear icon in the ""Mic/Aux"" row, click ""Properties,"" choose a different device, and click ""OK.""
Under ""Sources,"" click the + sign, select ""Audio Input Capture,"" select ""Add Existing,"" select ""Mic/Aux,"" keep ""Make source visible"" checked, and click ""OK.""
If you want to record your webcam video:
Under ""Sources,"" click the + sign, select ""Video Capture Device,"" select ""Create new,"" keep ""Make source visible"" checked, and click ""OK.""
In the ""Properties for..."" window, select your webcam ""Device,"" and click ""OK.""
If you want to record your computer display:
Under ""Sources,"" click the + sign, select ""Display Capture,"" select ""Create new,"" keep ""Make source visible"" checked, and click ""OK.""
In the ""Properties for..."" window, make no changes (unless you have multiple monitors, in which case, choose the monitor to capture from the ""Display"" drop-down menu), and click ""OK.""
To actually start screen recording, click ""Start Recording.""
The ""Start Recording"" button will turn to a ""Stop Recording"" button.
To hide the OBS application window:
On a Mac, click the ""OBS"" application icon at the top of your Mac computer display, and choose ""Hide.""
In Windows, click the ""OBS"" application icon in the lower right of the computer display. You may need to click the ^ to see this icon.
Make your screen recording.
To stop your video, click the ""OBS"" application icon in the toolbar at the top of your Mac computer display, and click ""Stop Recording.""
Or click ""Stop Recording.""
To show the OBS application window:
On a Mac, click the ""OBS"" application icon at the top of your Mac computer display, and choose ""Show.""
In Windows, click the ""OBS"" application icon in the lower right of the computer display. You may need to click the ^ to see this icon.
Click the ""File"" menu, and then click ""Show Recordings"" to see your recordings.
Adding Video and Audio Files to Bb Learn -- Instructors Only
Instructors and course assistants can add video or audio to Bb Learn. See the webpage below for instructions.
Adding Media to Bb Learn via Kaltura or Drexel Streams
Captioning or Transcription
Providing captioning for videos you create is highly recommended.
See Captions.
Live Streaming
See the webpage below.
OBS Studio -- Live Streaming"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
NEEDS UPDATING -- Zoom -- Connect to Microphone and Video Camera by USB or in the CCI Classroom
NEEDS UPDATING WITH VIDEO SHOWING HOW TO CONNECT VARIOUS LAPTOPS TO PODIUM IN CCI CLASSROOMS.
Make sure your laptop's image appears on the front projector or front monitor.
Make sure you have connected the correct USB cord on the podium to your laptop.
Make sure the CCI classroom microphone is not muted.
CCI Classroom Privacy & Audio Controls Check for Echo360 and Zoom
Once the USB cord is connected, click ""Join Audio by Computer"" in Zoom.
Not sure how? Click link below for YouTube video instructions
https://youtu.be/rJc-Af5i7hU
If problems continue, do all of the following:
Click the lock or shield or i icon to the left of the URL in the address bar,
and make sure the site settings are to ""Allow"" the microphone and camera.
(Not just ""Ask."")
Close your internet browser completely.
Do *NOT* END the meeting.
Just *LEAVE* the meeting.
You will likely be prompted to do one or the other.
Disconnect the USB and the adapter dongle and/or HDMI cord from the laptop.
Re-connect the USB, adapter dongler and/or HDMI cord.
Restart the Zoom session.
The above steps can help with many issues, like if the AV Bridge for the microphone is detected by the laptop, but not the AV Bridge for the video camera.
You may also want to watch the YouTube video below on joining by audio/video via Zoom.
https://youtu.be/rJc-Af5i7hU"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Record Zoom Breakout Rooms
Introduction
There is a known ""issue"" with Zoom where it may not seem ""possible"" to record meetings in a breakout room.
However, there's a workaround solution in order to allow participants to record in their own breakout rooms.
Here's the instructions and steps on being able to do this.
Allowing Recordings in Zoom Breakout Rooms
You can allow recording in breakout rooms by elevating the participant's permission in the break out room
by joining the breakout room, then going to the ""participants"" panel.
(You need to be the host or the co-host in order to do this)

After you enter the breakout room, press ""More"" to elevate the Participant's permission.
No matter the access level, you are required to join the breakout room to ""elevate"" the participant's permission to begin with. 

This is a roundabout way of allowing the participant to record,
but this is a simple way of allowing breakout rooms to record.
Additionally, you can also record in the main room and the breakout room concurrently,
and can be saved to the device or cloud. For better-ways to save the files, you can upload the recordings to
OneDrive at https://onedrive.com ,
or Kaltura Drexel Streams at https://drexel.edu/it/streams
Recordings can be shared as ""Unlisted"" videos. 

It is always a good suggestion to initiate the recording process with separate people,
and can either be cloud or local for saving the video.
To find the recordings, you can get the locations from this link:
https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us/articles/206277393-Finding-and-viewing-local-recordings."
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Joining Teams from 2nd Device
Join the meeting on your primary device (the one you will be speaking with and listening in the meeting on).

Join the meeting on your secondary device signed in under the same account. When asked, make sure to click ""Add this device"".

On your secondary device, begin screen sharing.


Now you should be able to listen to the meeting on your primary device while screen sharing your second device.
Link for Guest: Microsoft Teams Guest Link"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Zoom -- Scheduling Meetings with a Password
Visit https://drexel.zoom.us & click ""Sign in Standard.""
Click “Settings” in left navigation panel.
Scroll down to & click to disable “Embed password in invite link for one-click join.” (Left on toggle switch is disable.)
a. Also, if you have meetings with non-Drexel people in Zoom:
b. We recommend clicking to disable both ""Only authenticated users can join meetings"" & Only authenticated users can join meetings from Web client.""
c. Enable this on a per-meeting basis (explained below). Doing so is HIGHLY encouraged for all meetings with only Drexel students, staff, instructors, adjuncts, or faculty attending or speaking.
Scroll up to & click “Meetings” in left navigation panel.
Click “Schedule a New Meeting.”
Fill in Topic, Date, Time, etc.
Scroll down to & check “Meeting Password.”
a. Then type in what you want Password to be.
If there are any non-Drexel attendees or speakers:
a. Scroll down to & uncheck “Only authenticated users can join.”
b. Everyone will still have to enter the password you set above.
c. But they do not have to first authenticate by logging into to Drexel Connect to attend the Zoom meeting as well.
If only Drexel students, staff, instructors, adjuncts, or faculty are attending or speaking:
a. Keep checked “Only authenticated users can join” if you wish.
b. Everyone will still have to enter the password you set above.
c. But now they must also first authenticate by logging into to Drexel Connect in order to attend the Zoom meeting.
d. If anyone is already signed in through their Zoom application to their Drexel account, they will only be asked to enter the password you set above.
e. Works in web client too.
Copy the link, or click “Copy the invitation” & copy the meeting info.
a. Share that meeting information with others via email or where and how you wish.
You may also want to include this link, which tells people how to stay in through their Drexel Zoom application to their Drexel account, making it easier to enter meetings where only authenticated Drexel Zoom users are allowed, but they will also have to enter the password you set above.
Zoom -- Login or Registration or Redirect Issues"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Mac remote access to Mac -- Setting up a Mac computer for remote access to another Mac
Set the Mac computer that you wish to access remotely so that it doesn't sleep. 
Click apple icon (upper left) > System Preferences > Energy Saver > Power Adapter (if Battery and Power Adapter are tabs to choose from). 
Check ""Prevent computer from sleeping automatically when the display is off."" 
If you have issues later on, return here and uncheck ""Put hard drives to sleep when possible."" 
Check ""Wake for Wi-FI network access."" 
Check ""Enable Power Nap…""
Close ""Energy Saver"" window. 
Set the Sharing or remote access to be enabled and to only allow the user (and iCommons full timers and icommonscrc) 
Click apple icon (upper left) > System Preferences > Sharing. 
Check the ""Screen sharing"" checkbox. 
   (a) Select ""Only these users"" next to ""Allow access for."" 
   (b) Write down the ""vnc://"" IP address under ""Screen Sharing: On"" 
   (c) Click the + sign and add the select users mentioned above. 
            i.  For ""User name,"" enter ""DREXEL\"" (no quotes), followed by the user's DrexelOne userid or short form Drexel email address
                   (a) Example: DREXEL\mjg88 
                   (b) Example 2: DREXEL\icommonscrc 
Check the ""File Sharing"" checkbox. 
   (a) Select ""Only these users"" next to ""Allow access for."" 
   (b) Write down the ""smb://"" IP address under ""File Sharing: On"" 
   (c) Click the + sign and add the select users mentioned above. 
            i.  For ""User name,"" enter ""DREXEL\"" (no quotes), followed by the user's DrexelOne userid or short form Drexel email address
                   (a) Example: DREXEL\mjg88 
                   (b) Example 2: DREXEL\icommonscrc 
Check the ""Remote Login"" checkbox. 
   (a) Select ""Only these users"" next to ""Allow access for."" 
   (b) Write down the ""ssh"" terminal command under ""Remote Login: On"" 
   (c) Click the + sign and add the select users mentioned above. 
            i.  For ""User name,"" enter ""DREXEL\"" (no quotes), followed by the user's DrexelOne userid or short form Drexel email address
                   (a) Example: DREXEL\mjg88 
                   (b) Example 2: DREXEL\icommonscrc 
The user likely only needs Screen Sharing, but the others can provide additional access for special purposes. 
Make sure the computer is left on, and does not sleep or hibernate.
   (a) Mac desktops have a tendency to turn off when no one is logged in. 
   (b) So make sure you have locked your computer. 
   (c) Don't log out. "
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Zoom -- Use on Android and iPad, iPhone, or iOS
iOS, iPad, or iPhone
Install the Zoom app from Apple App Store or Play Store
https://apps.apple.com/us/app/zoom-cloud-meetings/id546505307
Click Zoom meeting link (only if you have a link).
Open app and click ""Join meeting.""
Enter Meeting ID #, and click ""Join.""
Join audio or click microphone.
a. Do *NOT* join audio or click microphone
if you are already joined from your computer
& using your iPhone or iPad as a 2nd screen in a presentation.
If you want, click camera icon to share video.
Tap screen if options disappear.
To share screen, tap Share Content > Zoom > Start Broadcast.
3-10 seconds later, your screen will be shared.
When finished screen sharing,
click ""OK"" at the prompt that the ""Broadcast"" has stopped.
For how to write on a Zoom screen, whiteboard functionality, or whiteboard alternatives.
2nd Webcam and Writing
When finished with end user, end the meeting ""for all"" on your end.
You cannot control an iOS device screen from Zoom, but you can see everything.
Android
Install the Zoom app from the Google Play Store
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=us.zoom.videomeetings&hl=en_US
Click Zoom meeting link (only if you have a link).
Open app and click ""Join meeting.""
Enter Meeting ID #, and click ""Join.""
Join audio or click microphone.
Do *NOT* join audio or click microphone
if you are already joined from your computer
& using your iPhone or iPad as a 2nd screen in a presentation.
If you want, click camera icon to share video.
Tap screen if options disappear.
To share screen, tap Share Content > Zoom > Start Broadcast.
Tap agree to ""share sensitive info"" (i.e. whatever is on screen).
3-10 seconds later, your screen will be shared.
When finished screen sharing,
click ""OK"" at the prompt that the ""Broadcast"" has stopped.
For how to write on a Zoom screen, whiteboard functionality, or whiteboard alternatives.
2nd Webcam and Writing
When finished with end user, end the meeting ""for all"" on your end.
You cannot control an Android device screen from Zoom, but you can see everything.
When finished screen sharing, click ""OK"" at the prompt that the ""Broadcast"" has stopped."
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Set-up a Free Zoom Account
Drexel CCI faculty, staff, and students should *NOT* use a free Drexel account. INSTEAD, they should use the Drexel Pro Zoom accounts at https://drexel.zoom.us .
Non-Drexel people do NOT need to sign in to join a Zoom meeting usually.
They just need a Zoom meeting link or ID, and to click ""Join"" on the Drexel Zoom or regular Zoom home page, and enter the info there.
Visit https://zoom.us
Click “SIGN UP FREE.”
Follow the onscreen instructions to create a free Zoom account.
Login to Zoom if necessary.
Click “HOST A MEETING.”
Click “With Video On” or “With Video Off” (your choice).
Follow the on-screen instructions to host a meeting with no else there to test out Zoom.
You then will likely be taken through how to download and install Zoom on your computer.
If necessary, open the downloaded application to install it.
Enter a name and email before joining the meeting.
Once in the meeting, click “Join Audio Conference by Computer.”
Look for color in the microphone to change as you speak.
That will let you know it's working.
If you have audio problems,
dial-in by telephone using the information below.
Your experience hosting a free Zoom meeting with no one else attending will be very similar to what you see in the actual meeting in Zoom.
Optional additional information on Zoom can be found at the following webpage:
Zoom"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Zoom -- Adding Co-Hosts or Alternate Hosts
Make Someone Host or Co-Host During a Meeting
You need to be the host, usually.
https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us/articles/201362573-Pass-Host-Controls-and-Leave-the-Meeting
Pre-Meeting -- Make Someone Host or Co-Host
Go to https://drexel.zoom.us
Click ""Sign In Standard"" & login.
Click ""Meetings"" > ""Schedule a New Meeting.""
Or click an existing meeting.
Fill out the meeting schedule form.
At the bottom of the form...
Enter the Drexel email address(es) in the “Alternative Hosts” field.
FIRST try their short form email address.
Their Drexel userid followed by @drexel.edu .
Click “Save” to schedule the meeting.
Pre-Meeting -- If Email Does Not Work to Add Someone as a Co-Host
If the short form email doesn't work, and it is a Drexel person, you need their long-form email address.
Everyone at Drexel has a short and long email address.
Email sent to either end up in the same email address,
but we need to use the long form for Drexel people.
One way to get the Drexel long form email address
is to look up the other person in the Drexel Directory at
https://drexel.edu/about/contact/
Click the person's name if you do not see their email address.
Another way to get someone's long form Drexel email address
is for that person to go to https://drexel.zoom.us ,
click “Sign In Standard,” login,
and look on their “Profile” page for what their “Sign-In Email” is,
and send that email address to you (the Host).
A final way is to email Mike Galloway & give him 1-2 business days.
Provide him with the Drexel userid (not student or employee ID #'s) and full name.
Only short or long form Drexel emails are needed for Drexel people.
Non-Drexel people should provide the email address associated with their Zoom account.
Alternative Instructions
https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us/articles/206330935-Enabling-and-adding-a-co-host"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Adding Pronouns to Your Zoom Profile
Tagged with: zoom
If you would like to add pronouns to your Zoom profile,
follow the steps outlined below.
Visit https://drexel.zoom.us
Click ""Profile"" in the left navigation panel.
Click ""Edit"" to the right of your name & ""Department"" information.
Add your pronouns under ""Pronouns.""
& how you would like to share them.
(We encourage people to click “Always share in meetings and webinars."")
Click ""Save."""
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
QuickTime -- Screen Recording Instructions
Instructions
Mac only, edits video (limited editing).
Pre-installed on Macs and found under Applications.
Video Instructions
Video -- QuickTime Streams Screen Recorder
Help (Scroll down to the ""Record your screen"" section):
https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT201066
Record computer display and audio *OR* webcam and audio are defaults.
To record audio, see screenshot below where I've circled the arrow you need to click to select your microphone.
Record webcam *and* computer display work-around: Click ""File > New Movie Recording,"" position the movie recording window and re-size it and set it to float on top via ""View > Float on Top"". Then click ""File > New Screen Recording” and make a screen recording.
Editing? Limited. Can trim unnecessary content from beginning or end of video.
Adding video or audio to Bb Learn? See link below (Recordings automatically uploaded to Drexel Streams):
Adding Media to Bb Learn via Kaltura or Drexel Streams
ONLY Instructors and Professional Staff can do this. Students cannot.
Providing captioning for videos you create is highly recommended.
See Captions.
Adding Video and Audio Files to Bb Learn -- Instructors Only
Instructors and course assistants can add video or audio to Bb Learn. See the webpage below for instructions.
Adding Media to Bb Learn via Kaltura or Drexel Streams
Captioning
Providing captioning for videos you create is highly recommended. The following webpage will provide instructions for automatically generating captions.
Captions and Transcriptions
https://docs.cci.drexel.edu/display/CD/Captions+and+Transcriptions
Recovering a Video
See the following webpage.
QuickTime -- Recovering a Video"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Adding Audio or Video to a Content Area -- Instructors Only
You need to record a video first.
If you need options for how do to that, see the link below.
Adding Media to Bb Learn via Kaltura or Drexel Streams
For Kaltura Drexel Streams, in a content area (the areas in your course section/shell with the “Build Content” and “Assessments” and “Tools” and “Partner Content” drop-down menus at the top)…
A content area in a Bb Learn course section is a webpage that has the ""Build Content,"" ""Assessments,"" ""Tools,"" and ""Partner Content"" drop-down menus at the top.
The name of your content area will likely be different than ""Course Materials.""
Click Build Content > Kaltura Media > +Add New to add a new video
Or Select instead of +Add New in order to choose from an already uploaded video.
Follow onscreen instructions.
It takes time for videos to be playable after upload. Give it a few hours, though it may upload much sooner.
There are 3 ways to see your upload Kaltura Drexel Streams videos.
Visit https://drexel.edu/it/streams , and login.
Click ""My Media"". Search for videos.
Visit Bb Learn at https://learn.dcollege.net
And click Sign In Standard > Tools (in left navigation panel) > Kaltura My Media.
Search for videos.
Visit DrexelOne at https://one.drexel.edu .
Login, click ""CAMPUS+COMMUNITY"".
Scroll down to & click ""Drexel Streams.""
Click ""My Media"". Search for videos.
Want to allow students to download the video?
There's a work-around solution for this. See link below.
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Allow Downloads"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Zoom -- Add Videos to Bb Learn using Kaltura Drexel Streams
Your Zoom Videos Are Probably in Kaltura Already
Kaltura is the preferred option with your Bb Learn course section to add videos.
For a 1-3 hour recording, it usually takes 3-6 hours for videos to appear in Kaltura after Zoom recording stops. Rare occasions up to 24 hours.
The shorter the recording, the less time it takes.
After that, Zoom recordings, using the record to cloud option in Zoom, are ready to add to your Bb Learn course section via the Kaltura tool.
Simple Instructions
Make sure the Zoom application or program on your computer is signed into your Drexel account.
Login to https://drexel.zoom.us (NOT https://zoom.us)
See: Zoom -- SSO Single Sign-On and Host Sign-In to MAKE SURE YOU ARE SIGNED INTO YOUR DREXEL ACCOUNT.
Record a Zoom meeting using the record to cloud option.
Or use Zoom to make a pre-recorded lecture or presentation.
See: Zoom -- Recording
Wait a few hours for recordings to appear.
1-5 minute TEST recordings will be up MUCH faster
The Zoom meeting has to be over.
Go to your Bb Learn course section.
Enter a ""Week"" or other content area.
Click ""Build Content"" > ""Kaltura Media.""
Wait 5-10 seconds.
Select your video.
Follow the on-screen instructions.
Example of a content area.
Many content areas are ""Week 1"" or ""Week 2"" or similar.

Editing Video
Light Video Editing in Kaltura or Drexel Streams
Great option for light video editing.
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Edit Video or Video Settings
No Real Editing in Zoom Recordings
We recommend editing in Kaltura or Drexel Streams for most quick video editing.
Zoom is great, but when you edit a video, it just adds skip points in a video.
If you download the Zoom video, or when it backs up to Kaltura or Drexel Streams, the edits in Zoom disappear.
OTHER Free video editing options are suggested at the page below.
Recording Video on a Computer and Adding to Bb Learn -- aka Screen Record
More Help
Adding Video Manually to Kaltura or Drexel Streams or Bb Learn
Do NOT just upload a movie file to Bb Learn or Drexel Learn directly. Upload through Kaltura or to Drexel Streams first!
Students:
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Adding Media to Bb Learn -- Student Instructions
Instructors: 
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Adding Kaltura Audio or Video to a Content Area -- Instructors Only
Instructors - Add to a Text Box in Bb Learn
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Embed Kaltura Audio or Video in Any Bb Learn Text Box
Where to find Kaltura or Drexel Streams? 
Go to a ""Week"" or other content area in a Bb Learn section.
Click ""Build Content"" > ""Kaltura Media.""
Or...
Go to Drexel Streams
https://drexel.edu/it/streams
Login & look under “My Media.”
Drexel Streams offers access to the same videos as Kaltura does.
But also offers additional features.
Kaltura & Drexel Streams are otherwise the same video repository tool.
Kaltura & Drexel Streams are available to all Drexel faculty, staff, instructors & students.
Very, Very Old Zoom Videos may NOT be in Kaltura
Everything from July 2021 and after will be backed up to Kaltura if recorded to the cloud in Zoom.

If you are looking for something before July 2021, see steps below.
Any Zoom video will only be around for 18 weeks!!
Kaltura links in Bb Learn course sections last indefinitely.
Videos in Drexel Streams also remain indefinitely.
If Zoom videos are NOT in Kaltura already,
either download the Zoom Videos (see Zoom -- Recording )
or...
visit OneDrive in a web browser at https://portal.office.com ,
login with Drexel email & pw,
click cloud or OneDrive icon to the left after login,
and look for back-ups of old Zoom recordings from SP 21 or before.
Only older Zoom videos will be there.
Upload your Zoom videos to Bb Learn in a ""Week"" or other content areas
using ""Build Content"" > ""Kaltura Media.""
See Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Adding Kaltura Audio or Video to a Content Area -- Instructors Only
Alternative: Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Embed Kaltura Audio or Video in Any Bb Learn Text Box
Other Links
Upload Zoom videos not already uploaded to Drexel Streams:
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Uploading Directly to Drexel Streams -- Playable by Anyone with Link
More on uploading videos to Bb Learn using Kaltura:
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Adding Media to Bb Learn"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Uploading Directly & Making Playable by Anyone with Link
If you need to upload a video to Drexel Streams (outside of a Bb Learn course section, usually).
Visit https://drexel.edu/it/streams
Login with your Drexel userid and password.
Click ""+Add New"" > ""Media Upload.""
Agree to terms of use.
Upload your video.
Once uploaded, or while uploading...
If you need a link that anyone on the internet can click and open...
Set the ""Publishing Status"" to ""Unlisted.""
Enter Name, and optionally Description & Tags.
Click ""Save.""
Wait 30 seconds, or (if you see one) a faint blue status bar at the top of the window to fill."
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
DegreeWorks Help Page
Helpful DegreeWorks Links
https://drexel.edu/ais/training/Degreeworks/
https://drexel.edu/drexelcentral/registration/courses/degreeworks/
https://drexel.edu/~/media/Files/ais/Documentation/DegreeWorks%20for%20Advisors%20Overview%20v3.ashx?la=en
https://drexel.edu/ais/resources/Troubleshooting/DegreeWorks%20FAQs/
Report issues with Degreeworks to ais_degreeworks@drexel.edu"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Import iCal (Apple Calendar) into Microsoft Outlook
Go to the Apple icon > System Preferences > Apple ID > iCloud (if on Mojave). Check the box for Calendar.
Next, open your Apple Calendar app on your Mac, check if the Calendar you use is under ""iCloud"" or ""On my Mac."" 

* You click the colored checkbox to select or deselect calendars there.
* Some are added by default.
* If you don't see those headings on the side, click the tiny calendar icon in Calendar in the upper left.

See Image below.


If your calendar is under ""iCloud,"" generate a URL for it.

* Screenshot shows a person icon.
* If you have a sideways Wifi icon next to the calendar, click that instead.
* If you don't have a person or side-ways WiFi icon next to the calendar,
* hover your mouse pointer over it,
* and you'll see the person or side-ways WiFi icon.

Once you have copied the calendar URL,
* visit https://outlook.office.com
* in a web browser.
* Login with Drexel userid@drexel.edu and Drexel password.
* Or however you normally login to Drexel One or Bb Learn on the web.
Go to the calendar and click ""Add calendar."" See image below 


Click ""Subscribe from web.""
Copy/paste in the URL.
Click ""Import.""
Follow any other onscreen instructions.
Once finished, your Apple Calendar should appear in the left nav panel as a selectable (clickable) calendar option.
Wait a few minutes for calendar to sync *AND* refresh the webpage.
If you want to see your Apple Calendar and Outlook Calendar at the same time,
you can just select both calendars in the left nav panel. See image below
Or click ""Week"" in upper right, toggle on/off ""Split View.""

BUT... WHAT IF YOUR CALENDAR IS UNDER ""On My Mac""?
If you don't have your calendar showing under ""iCloud,""
here's what to do:
After doing steps 1-2 above, in the Apple Calendar app, select the calendar you want to copy over (export). Make sure it's actually highlighted, and not just with a checkmark on it.
Click ""File"" > ""Export"" > ""Export"". 
Choose where to ""Export"" it on your Mac, and click the ""Export"" button. An .ics file with the name of your calendar will be saved where you chose to export it.
Visit https://outlook.office.com in a web browser. Login with Drexel userid@drexel.edu and Drexel password. Or however you normally login to Drexel One or Bb Learn on the web.
Go to the calendar and click ""Add calendar.""
Click ""Upload from File.""
Click ""Browse."" Upload the .ics file from where you saved it on your Mac.
Choose the Outlook calendar to upload it to. There may only be 1 choice.
Click ""Import."" Follow any other on-screen instructions."
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
echo360 -- Stats and Analytics
Live Video Streaming Stats
Tracking attendance for an echo360 live video stream is not very well developed yet, unfortunately.
The best method to track live video streaming attendance in echo360 during class is to have students use the Q&A feature to acknowledge that they are present.
And it's recommended that ask students to type in present as a new question, ideally for that class, just after the start of class and once more when you take a break or another time during the class.
Currently, there is no requirement that online remote students in cross listed online, and on-campus (F2F) classes attend the live video stream.
The webpage below will tell you how to use Q&A in echo360.
 echo360 -- Q and A Feature
The analytics in echo360 help very little with tracking live video streaming attendance.
But what little is offered is covered in the Recording Stats section below.
Recording Stats
     1. Enter the echo360 area through Bb Learn.
     2. Click “ANALYTICS.”
      
     3. Click “Students.”
     4. Click “All Classes.”
     5. Choose a class.
     6. Look at the “Attendance” and “Video Views” and “% Viewed” for each student.
          (a) Attendance: Only “Attendance” has any relevance to the live video stream, and the “Attendance” feature does not do much. The “Attendance” feature merely tracks if a student entered an echo360 live video stream for a class (really, the echo360 area for that class) at any time from between 10 minutes before the start of class and 5 minutes before the end of class.
But a student could simply enter and then leave during this time, and they would be marked as having attended class.
          (a) Video Views: “Video Views” will tell you if a student watched at least 5% of a video, and then count that as 1 view, but this is only for recordings, and not for live video streams, which is not tracked at all by this value.
Live broadcast stats will not appear as views in echo360 stats.
          (b) % Viewed: ""% Viewed” will tell you how much of the recording was watched by a student. But again, this is only for a recording, and not for a live video stream.
Additional Information
More about echo360 analytics can be found at the webpage below:
echo360's ""Viewing Student Analytic Data"" webpage
https://support.echo360.com/customer/portal/articles/2872032?b_id=16610
echo360's ""Engagement and Analytics Metrics Defined (What do the analytics mean?)""
https://support.echo360.com/customer/portal/articles/2870797-engagement-and-analytics-metrics-defined?b_id=16610"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Making Echo360 Class Recordings Unavailable
Instructors can make a published Echo360 class capture recording unavailable on their own now, if you run into a problem with someone saying something they shouldn't in a class until a recording can be edited.
If you now set Echo360 class capture recording that is still processing to be unavailable, it will be unavailable still when it finishes processing.
First, click the ""echo360 Class Capture"" link in your course, and enter the Echo360 page in your course
If you have never done this before, see the following webpage. And then return here.
echo360 -- First Use in Bb Learn
Then, to make the recording unavailable, see the following link.
http://help.echo360.org/index.htm#t=Instructor_Guide%2FIGTopics%2FWorking_with_Content%2FMaking_Content_Unavailable_to_Students.htm"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Mapmaker - Tiles
Introduction
Tiles are placed in your space/room to define private areas, spawn, portals to other locations, and impassible areas.
What are Tiles?
In general, a tile is one square of the grid on which you build your maps for your Gather Space. When you are inside of a Space, a single, quick press of your arrow keys will move your avatar one tile in the direction of the arrow key you pressed. 
All tile squares in Gather are 32 x32 pixels in size.
In the Mapmaker, you can have special tile types that are used to create specific effects. Each type of tile provides a different function for your Gather space. 
You can find and place the special Tile Types in the Mapmaker by selecting the Tile tab or pressing the hotkey [t].

The default Tile Type is ""Impassible Tile"" which is represented by an X. In the above image, the ""Spawn Tile"" type is selected and the icon in the upper left has changed to the corresponding matching map pin image. 
You can only add or delete the tile type you have selected. This helps you edit the different layers of tiles you have placed rather than accidentally deleting an Impassible Tile when you only wanted to delete the Private Space Tile in the same location.
Spawn Tiles
Spawn tiles are used by the mapmaker/host to designate where new attendees spawn in your event space! These spawn tiles can be placed directly near the entrance door of your space if you have guiding materials in your space for new users. They can also be placed throughout the room if you'd like users to enter in a specific area of your entrance.
Spawn Tiles are designated by these green highlighted tiles in the Mapmaker:

For larger conferences, you are welcome to create multiple spawn areas within your entrance room so that users spawn randomly and spread out in the space:

Changing your Spawn Default Entrance Room
Currently every room requires at least one spawn tile, just in case you decide to change the default entrance room. To change your default entrance room, you can right click on the room name in the top left room list and click set as default room.

Portal Tiles
Portal tiles are used by the mapmaker/host to connect various rooms within your space, as well as connecting separate Gather spaces together. 
Please note that portal tiles are ONE-WAY only, so you will need to place portal tiles from both sides of the origin room as well as the destination room.
When you select the portal tile option, you will be able to place a blue highlighted tile and the following two prompts will show up.

""Portal to a room"" will allow you to place portals in the same room or a different room within the same space you are currently working in. When you select this option, you will see a drop-down list of all rooms in the current space. Select the designated room you'd like to connect, then place the portal tile in the destination room. Please remember to then switch to the destination room and place another portal tile linking back to the original room.  The best practice is to place portals at the back end of a doorway, as indicated, and the exit destination as in front of the doorway.


Private Tiles
Private tiles are areas in the map where users in the private areas can only see each other, no matter how far they are with no video/audio fading.
Only other users in the same private area can see or hear you."
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Zoom -- Pre-Assign Participants to Breakout Rooms
Instructions
https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us/articles/360032752671-Pre-assigning-participants-to-breakout-rooms#h_f1d7287d-ade8-4b73-b0b9-37365faecf55
For Drexel students, staff, faculty, or instructors, you must use their long-form Drexel email address.
Drexel long-form email addresses go to the same email inbox as Drexel short-form or abc123 or userid email addresses.
DU IT for some reason likes to use the long-form email address in Bb Learn and Zoom and such.
We're not sure why, but yes, it's silly. 
Look up each person by last-name, first-name in the Drexel directory website below.
https://drexel.edu/about/contact/
Sometimes short-form email addresses work,
but it’s almost always best to use the long-form email addresses first,
and then try the short-form email.
IMPORTANT & HELPFUL NOTE!
During a Zoom meeting, the Host can click the Breakout Rooms icon,
click the gear icon,
and check a box to allow participants to choose their own breakout rooms,
if you want to allow your students or meeting participants to choose their own Breakout Rooms."
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
echo360 -- Troubleshooting Live Broadcast Issues
Asked to Login? Here are Steps to Try
You generally should not need to login to Echo360, so if you are being asked to do so, try the following.
Do not use:
Internet Explorer, the old default web browser in Windows 8.1 and below. Microsoft is only do occasional security updates now for it.
Edge, the current default web browser in Windows 10. It has issues with Bb Learn and various other websites.
Access Echo360 through the Bb Learn course:
Login to https://learn.dcollege.net/ and logging in with your DrexelOne or DrexelConnect userid and password.
Click the course whose lectures you wish to view in Echo360, the ""echo360 Class Recordings"" link in the left navigation panel.
And click the ""echo360 Class Recordings for [YOUR COURSE]"" link near the top of the page.
Disable any & all privacy enhancing or script blocking or fingerprint fooling or ad blocking plug-ins, add-ons, extensions, or settings in your web browser.
Vist https://echo360.org (but do not login, though it's okay if you are in Bb Learn and you are auto-logged in to echo360) there, and that will make it easier to disable these by tapping the appropriate icons in your browser web address bar or upper right toolbar.
Firefox instructions:
https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/enhanced-tracking-protection-firefox-desktop
Chrome has no built-in features that you should need to enable for this.
Add-ons or plug-ins or extensions can usually be clicked on when you visit the page to disable for just that website.
If you are using a work computer, and run into issues, the problem could very well be that your work computer is blocking web services and/or related applications need by Echo360 to work.
So if you run into issues on your work computer, try your personal computer.
Clear your cache in your Web Browser
Chrome Instructions
https://support.google.com/accounts/answer/32050?co=GENIE.Platform%3DDesktop&hl=en
Firefox Instructions
https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/how-clear-firefox-cache
Enable Cookies in your Web Browser
Most people need to have cookies enabled in their web browser. Here's how for major web browsers.
Chrome
https://support.echo360.com/customer/portal/articles/2928710-chrome-recommended-browser-configuration?b_id=16610
Firefox
https://support.echo360.com/customer/portal/articles/2928830-firefox-recommended-browser-configuration?b_id=16610
Safari
https://support.echo360.com/customer/portal/articles/2928694-safari-recommended-browser-configuration?b_id=16610
Additional Information
https://support.echo360.com/customer/portal/articles/2928694-safari-recommended-browser-configuration?b_id=16610
Try a different web browser. Use of Chrome or Firefox is recommended. Both are free to download.
Chrome: https://www.google.com/chrome/
Firefox: https://www.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/
Video Camera Pointed in Wrong Direction
See - Returning a vaddio CCI Classroom Video Camera to its Initial Angle.
Cannot Find One or More Recordings
For the “COURSES” section in Echo360, the “Default” order in the “Sort By” drop-down menu is odd.
Scroll down to the bottom of the Echo360 “COURSES” webpage for your Drexel CCI course.
Or if you change the “Sort By” drop-down menu to “Oldest,” you’ll see the one or more recordings that you are missing.
If you still cannot find a recording, contact the Drexel CCI iCommons HelpDesk at 215-895-2480 or ihelp@drexel.edu.
Audio Is Hard to Hear
Is the audio hard to hear in an Echo360 recording or live video stream? Then try the following:
Adjust the volume slider when playing an Echo360 recording or live video stream:

Adjust your computer's volume
For Macs or Apple computer or laptops: https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT203186
Ignore the recommendation to upgrade your Mac OS or macOS.
For Windows computers: http://www.thewindowsclub.com/adjust-volume-for-individual-programs-windows
In particular check out the ""Volume Mixer"" section, but the whole webpage has lots of good suggestions for adjusting sound.
If the above webpage for Windows does not help, see the following webpage.
https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/help/4026994/windows-fix-sound-problems
If none of the advice above helps, contact us using information at the bottom of this webpage you are reading this on.
No Audio or Video or Recording Feed Freezes or Stutters
No video or audio in Echo360? Or audio and video feed coming in and out? Try the following steps:
Step 1
Logout of Echo360 and Bb Learn.
Close your internet browser completely.
Reopen your internet browser.
Log back into your Bb Learn course shell at https://learn.dcollege.net .
Try to access the Echo360 recordings again in the ""Echo360 Class Recordings"" area.
Click the ""Echo360 Class Recordings for [YOUR COURSE]"" link within that area.
Do not watch or share audio or video in Bb Collaborate Ultra when using Echo360.
If this does not work, try next step.
Step 2
Close your internet browser completely, and try a different internet browser.
If this doesn't work, try next step.
Step 3
You may somehow be having the wrong email address (long form is needed rather than the short form) or the wrong password get sent to Echo360.
A password reset may fix this. Here's how.
Find your Drexel long form email address.
Usually, it is your full name, with a period between the first, middle initial, and last name, followed by @drexel.edu.
Example: michael.j.galloway@drexel.edu . (Your long-form email address will be different.)
Enter Bb Learn at https://learn.dcollege.net , and try to enter Echo360 again.
If no login screen appears, logout of Bb Learn, and visit the Echo360 website (link below).
https://echo360.org/directLogin
If an Echo360 login screen appears in either Bb Learn or the Echo360 website, move onto step 4.
When you get to the login screen, enter your long form email address.
Use your Bb Learn password as your password.
If that doesn't log you in, click ""Forgot your password""
If prompted, enter your long form email address.
Click ""Send Email.""
Log out of Bb Learn too (if logged in).Close all open internet browser windows and tabs.
Wait 30 seconds.
Open your internet browser.
Follow the instructions in the email after receiving it.
Logout of Echo360 (if in Echo360).
Login to Bb Learn, and try again.
CCI Technical Staff -- Reboot Echo360 Device and Check Classroom Microphone for Serious Technical Issues
CCI Technical Staff: For any serious issues, try rebooting the Echo360 device and making sure the classroom microphone is not muted using the instructions below.
echo360 -- Rebooting echo360 Devices in CCI Classrooms
NEEDS UPDATE - echo360 -- Muting the Microphone during a Recording or Broadcast
For live broadcasts, interrupt the class for the 30 seconds or one-minute it takes to restart the device and/or turn on the microphone.
Echo360 takes 10 minutes or so to fully reboot. The live video stream and recording will start immediately afterwards again, but there will be a 10 minute or so gap.
If that doesn't work, offer to set-up Bb Collaborate Ultra in the classroom.
See Bb Collaborate Ultra
Slow Computer Response or High CPU or GPU Load
If your computer is running really slow and/or has a high GPU or CPU or processing load, then try the following:
Shrink the size of one or more of the video windows for the Echo360 broadcast, and/or the size of the internet browser tab where the videos are playing.
You may be able to reduce the size of the video windows in the internet browser.
If that doesn't help. change your computer's display resolution to something much, much lower.
If that doesn't help, follow the instructions in the section above called ""No Audio or Video or Recording Feed Freezes or Stutters.""
This issue can happen on 4K monitors, especially if there are hardware compatibility issues.
Enable Cookies in Safari on a Mac
Mac Safari users,
If you get a message about allowing cookies:
Click the ""Safari"" menu at the top left in Sarari.
Click ""Preferences.""
Click ""Privacy.""
Select ""Always allow"" next to ""Cookies and website data.""
Close the ""Security"" window.
Reload the Bb Learn webpage.
Safari is an internet browser on a Mac or Apple computer.
Mono Sound Only or Sound from One Speaker or Headphone
If you have mono sound (sound coming from one speaker or side of your headphones) when listening to Echo360 recordings, check your computer's sound settings, and then contact ihelp@drexel.edu to let us know if the issue persists. The following are work-around solutions that should help until a permanent solution is found.
Work-around Solution for Mac Users
You can make mono sound go to both your left and right speakers or headphones on a Mac by doing the following:
Click the Apple icon in the upper left corner of your Mac desktop display.
Click ""System Preferences.""
Click ""Accessibility.""
Check the box next to ""Play stereo audio as mono.""
Close the ""Accessibility"" window and you should now hear mono audio from both your left and right speakers or headphones.
Work-around Solution for Windows Users with Headphones
If you have headphones on a Windows PC (7, 8.1, 10), the following should make mono sound go to both your left and right headphones.
We currently don't have any solution for making the mono sound go to both speakers with a Windows PC, unfortunately.
Right-click the speaker icon in the lower-right of your Windows desktop display.
Click ""Playback devices.""
Under the ""Playback"" tab, right-click your sound output device, and then click ""Properties.""
Click the ""Enhancements"" tab.
Scroll down and check ""Headphone Virtualization.""
Click ""OK.""
Static Occasionally in Audio
Some users on some computers may hear occasional static. We're trying to figure out why this is happening still.
We do have a proposed work-around solution if the issue is that static occasionally comes from one speaker or side of your headphones, but no other sound is heard from that side.
WARNING: You won't be able to use the work-around solutions for mono sound above with the work-around solution below, however.
Work-around Solution for Mac Users
The following should prevent the right or left speaker or headphone from making any noise at all on a Mac.
Click the Apple icon in the upper left corner of your Mac desktop display.
Click ""System Preferences.""
Click ""Sound.""
Click ""Output"" so that it is highlighted.
Click your ""device for sound output.""
Move the slider in the ""Balance"" area either all the way to the left or right.
You will want to move away from the speaker or headphone side that is making no sound except occasional static.
Close the ""Sound"" window.
Work-around Solution for Windows Users
If you have headphones on a Windows PC (7, 8.1, 10), the following should prevent the right or left speaker or headphone from making any noise at all.
Right-click the speaker icon in the lower-right of your Windows desktop display.
Click ""Playback devices.""
Under the ""Playback"" tab, right-click your sound output device, and then click ""Properties.""
Click the ""Levels"" tab.
Click ""Balance""
Bring either the ""L"" or ""R"" speaker level all the way down to 0.
You will want to do this for whichever speaker makes no sound at all except for occasional static.
Click ""OK.""
Click ""OK.""
Click ""OK."""
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
How to Tell if Recording
In a CCI classroom, look in the front of the podium.
Find the echo360 device in the podium.

Is the circled left arrow on the front is lit up in red?
echo360 is recording."
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Zoom -- HIPAA Private Mode
Set-up Zoom HIPAA Private Mode
Visit https://drexel.zoom.us
Click ""Sign in HIPAA.""

   

Login on Drexel Connect.
Click ""Confirm your email address.""



Then click ""Switch to the new account"" in the email. Wait 1-3 minutes for email to reach you.



Click ""I Acknowledge and Switch.""
   (a) Switches you to the HIPAA Private Mode version of Zoom.
   (b) Revisit Zoom at https://drexelprivate.zoom.us if you do not see this.

          

You will see ""HIPAA Private Mode Video Conferencing"" appear in the upper left.


This will change how your Zoom account works going forward.

Using Zoom HIPAA Private Mode Video Conferencing
HIPAA Zoom is very similar to regular Zoom, so the following links still largely apply.
Zoom
Zoom -- Scheduling
/display/CD/Zoom+--+Scheduling
Key Differences with Regular Zoom
Zoom HIPAA Private Mode is VERY similar to the normal Zoom Pro accounts that all Drexel faculty, instructors, staff, and students have.
Here are the differences:
End-to-end encryption, including encrypted chats
   •   A green lock with an E on it appears in upper left of Zoom meeting, indicating end-to-end encryption.
Removes device & user information in logs and reports.
Only records to the host's computer, not the cloud.
No live streaming to YouTube, Facebook, & Workplace on Facebook.
   •   You can live meetings with multiple people, but not to the general public.
Uses https://drexelprivate.zoom.us or drexelprivate.zoom.us 
   •   Rather than https://drexel.zoom.us or drexel.zoom.us
   •   This is how Zoom session links start.
   •   Also, SSO or Single-sign-on windows will ask you to fill in [ BLANK ].zoom.us
   •   Enter drexelprivate in front of .zoom.us for HIPAA Private Zoom meetings
Want to Use Non-HIPAA Zoom?
Visit https://drexel.zoom.us .
But click ""Sign In Standard.""
And not ""Sign in HIPAA."""
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
TechSmith Capture
Note: Jing is now referred to as TechSmith Capture.
Install and Enable Flash - Needed for TechSmith Capture
Note that Chrome and Firefox can say they need Flash installed, when it just needs to be enabled or allowed.
The webpage explains how to install and/or allow or enable Flash.
Flash -- Enabling or Installing in Chrome, Firefox, and Safari
Then return here.
Instructions
The following video links will tell you how to use TechSmith Capture.
Be sure to click the video icon in TechSmith Capture to capture video.
Take Your First Capture
https://www.techsmith.com/tutorial-jing-taking-your-first-capture.html
Capture a Video
https://www.techsmith.com/tutorial-jing-record-video.html
Share to Screencast.com
https://www.techsmith.com/tutorial-jing-share-to-screencastcom.html
More TechSmith Capture Tutorials
https://www.techsmith.com/jing-tool.html
Click the link above and SCROLL DOWN
Embed video in Bb Learn wiki page or other text
NOT RECOMMENDED if you do not have experience with HTML code.
Edit the Bb Learn wiki page (or text description of a Bb Learn Item, Folder, or other content or section).
Click the double-down arrow in the large ""Content"" or description text box.
This expands the toolbar to show more options.

Click ""HTML"" icon in ""Content"" or description toolbar.

In a new web browser tab or window, visit the screencast.com weblink that contains the video.
Example of the screencast.com weblink for this: https://www.screencast.com/t/S0VM6aoBpiuA .
Your screencast.com weblink will have different letters and numbers at the end or the link.
Change the left ""px"" box to something like ""400px"" (without quotes).
If that is too small, repeat the above steps, and enter ""600px"" (without quotes) instead.
Click the ""Copy"" button under the ""Embed Code"" box.
Then click the ""Close"" button.
In the Bb Learn wiki page web browser tab or window, paste the embed code where you want it to appear.


Embed code appears in wiki ""Content"" or description text box.


Click ""Submit"" to save changes.
If you see a message that says ""Flash Player is blocked.""
If you see a black box instead of the video, click the black box.
Click the white right arrow or triangle, click it to play the video.

Need video to be larger? Click the full screen icon in lower right of video."
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Zoom -- Scheduling
Managing Privacy, Security, and Users
Be sure to review Managing Users, Privacy, and Security Measures at the link below.
Zoom -- Managing Users, Privacy, and Security Measures
Video Instructions -- Zoom Scheduling
https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us/articles/201362413-Scheduling-meetings
Zoom Sign-In -- Written Instructions
Visit https://drexel.zoom.us
Click ""Sign in Standard.""
Login with your DrexelOne userid@drexel.edu and DrexelOne password.
Emeritus Faculty Only: You may need to use your Drexel email address that contains your fist name, (usually) middle initial, and last name followed by @drexel.edu.
Example: michael.j.galloway@drexel.edu
If the Zoom app opens instead & asks for you to login:
Click “SSO” or ""Sign in with SSO."" (SSO = Single Sign-On)
Use “drexel.zoom.us” as the “company domain” in the prompt.
Click “Continue.""

Click “Open link” or similar to use “zoom.us” to open the link/application.
Click “Schedule” to schedule meetings.


Click “Meetings” in left navigation panel.
Click “Schedule a New Meeting.”
Zoom Scheduling -- Written Instructions
Go to & login to https://drexel.zoom.us
See section below if issues with logging in.
Fill in the form.
For “Topic,” give meeting name or host's name,
meeting date, start time through end time, time zone,
building name, room number.
Recommended: Keep it short as possible.
Example: OLC ETC Mtg, Fri, 9/28/18, 3-4pm Eastern, Rush 137
In “When”, put in day of meeting and start time.
REMEMBER to select AM or PM.
Enter “Duration.""
Select “Time Zone.”
Usually Eastern or GMT -4 Eastern.
If you want “Recurring meetings,” check that box.
Then specify how often the meeting will reoccur.
If you have a meeting that changes day/date/time,
under “Recurrence,” select “No Fixed Time.”
Leave Video “off” for both “Host” and “Participant.”
Attendees/Participants can turn their video on themselves.
For “Audio,” choose “Both.""
So you can choose telephone or computer audio.
Helps with audio problems in particular.
Under “Meeting Options,” check “Enable join before host.
Choose “Record to the Cloud.""
If you wish, check “Record the meeting automatically.”
Helps if you don't want to forget to record a meeting.
Do not check anything else.
Click “Save.”
If you wish to have people register for a meeting:
Great idea if you have large meetings,
or if you are publicly posting the Zoom.
See Zoom -- Using Registration for Public Zoom Meetings
If publicly posting the Zoom:
See Zoom -- Tips for Virtual Walk-In Meetings or if Zoom Link on Public Website
Scroll down & click “Copy the invitation.""
Copy/paste & share the invite info with others via an Outlook email.
Here is a sample invitation.
Not a real Zoom meeting.

Schedule Large or Publicly Posted Meetings
If you are scheduling a large meeting, or a meeting with the Zoom Meeting link publicly posted,
be sure to ALSO review the following, in addition to instructions below.
Using Registration for Public Zoom Meetings
Tips for Virtual Walk-In Meetings or if Zoom Link on Public Website
/display/CD/Zoom+--+Tips+for+Virtual+Walk-In+Meetings+or+if+Zoom+Link+on+Public+Website
Schedule a Zoom Meeting for Someone Else
Zoom -- Scheduling for Someone Else -- Delegated Access
Telephone-Only Conference Call
Schedule a Zoom meeting.
   •  As shown above.
But only share 1 or 2 of the Zoom meeting phone numbers, plus the Meeting ID.
Phone number & meeting ID are in the email or calendar invite.
International calls will cost money. International participants should attend by computer only to avoid charges.
Deleted a Meeting and Need to Recover?
Recover Deleted Meeting or Recording
Scheduling with a password
Zoom -- Scheduling Meetings with a Password"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Zoom -- Polling
IMPORTANT NOTE: ""Only the original meeting host can edit or add polls during a meeting. If the host or co-host role is transferred to another user, that user will only be able to launch polls already created."" (From Zoom link below).
Note:
As long as you are not clicking “Host a Meeting” in the upper right (once logged into https://drexel.zoom.us ),
and as long as you have “Polling” enabled on the “Settings” page (it's enabled by default),
all other Zoom meetings where you are the only host or one of the co-hosts will let you do “Polling”
without setting that up ahead of time.
You can copy paste your Personal Meeting Zoom link from the profile page
or schedule a meeting to have a Zoom meeting with a Poll.
For how to conduct a poll during a Zoom meeting:
https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us/articles/213756303-Polling-for-Meetings"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Find Your Kaltura Audio or Video After Upload -- See Also
See Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Finding Your Kaltura Audio or Video After It Is Uploaded"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Echo360 Information
echo360 -- Advanced and Additional Topics
echo360 -- Editing Class Recordings
echo360 -- First Use in Bb Learn
echo360 -- How to Tell if Recording
echo360 -- Making Class Recordings Unavailable
echo360 -- mobile device use and troubleshooting
echo360 -- Q and A Feature
echo360 -- Troubleshooting
echo360 -- Turning Downloads Off for your Class
echo360 -- Uploading and Editing Video and Polling or Adding a Quiz
NEEDS UPDATE - echo360 -- Muting the Microphone during a Recording or Broadcast"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Zoom -- Student-Made Meeting Rooms, Share between Students
Introduction
This would be good way of having students create their own little ""Zoom rooms"" at will that others could not enter.
And that an instructor does not have to create. 
(But instructors cannot audit or record the group work using this method, unless you ask students to share recordings and gather them, and that will be a lot of work for the instructor.)
One Student Quickly Schedules and Shares a Meeting
1 student in group does the following:
Log into Zoom via https://drexel.zoom.us 
Click Sign In Standard> Meetings > Schedule a Zoom meeting.
Make no changes.
Just click ""Save"" at bottom.
Then the student either...
Clicks ""Copy the Invitation"" > ""Copy Meeting Invitation.""
The pastes info into email & send email to 1 or more other students in group.
OR...
Gives the ""Meeting ID"" to the 2nd student (or other student group members)
who then visit https://zoom.us
or
https://drexel.zoom.us
Then click ""Join Meeting,"" 
How to Make Another Meeting Quickly
In first Zoom meeting,
click ""Leave Meeting"" > ""End Meeting (for All)"" or ""Leave Meeting"" (again).
Log into Zoom via https://drexel.zoom.us in a new web browser tab.
Click ""Meetings.""
Click ""Delete"" next to meeting that just ended.
a. Then ""Delete"" again.
b. Delete the wrong meeting?
See Recover Deleted Meeting or Recording
Follow the steps in the ""One Student Quickly Schedules and Shares a Meeting"" section above."
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
echo360 -- Attendance Unlikely to Be Affected by Recordings
A common reason to not record a lecture is concerns that students will not come to class.
echo360 provides the webpage below to explain how that's unlikely. If you know of meta-analyses or systematic reviews or reviews of multiple studies to the contrary, please feel free to share them with us.
""Does Lecture Capture Help Students? Five Studies that End the Debate""
http://blog.echo360.com/does-lecture-capture-help-students-five-studies-that-end-the-debate"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Zoom -- Set Only Authenticated Users OR Only Drexel Users
RECOMMENDED -- Only Drexel-authenticated users can join meetings
Except for meetings open to the public, 
*EVERYONE* should do this to ensure everyone in your meeting first logged in by Drexel Connect.
So only Drexel people are attending.
Login to https://drexel.zoom.us
Click ""Settings""
Click to turn on/right the ""Only authenticated users can join meetings"" option.
If ""Drexel Zoom"" is not the ""Default"" option,
click ""Edit"" next to ""Drexel Zoom,""
check ""Set as default authentication option,""
make sure ""drexel.zoom.us,drexel.edu"" (no quotes) are entered,
and click ""Save.""
You honestly might not even be able to edit this.
Also, click to turn on ""Only authenticated users can join meetings from Web client"" option.

To enable/disable again for all future Zoom meetings, all scheduled Zoom meetings, and for your Personal Meeting ID Zoom room:
Make this the default for all future meetings.
Login to https://drexel.zoom.us
Click ""Settings"" > ""Only authenticated users can join meetings"" (scroll down to see) >
click switch to go right.
Enable for a scheduled meeting.
Login to https://drexel.zoom.us
Click ""Meetings"" >
check ""Only authenticated users can join meetings"" (scroll down to ""Meeting Options"").
Enable for your Personal Meeting ID.
Login to https://drexel.zoom.us
Click ""Sign In Standard"" > ""Meetings"" > ""Personal Meeting Room"" >
check ""Only authenticated users can join meetings"" (scroll down to ""Meeting Options"").
ALSO, direct Drexel students/staff/faculty to link below for redirect issues and to make it easier/faster for them to join Zoom meetings.
Login or Registration or Redirect Issues
Visit Managing Users, Privacy, and Security Measures for more helpful Zoom privacy & security tips."
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Adding Media to Bb Learn -- Student Instructions
Creating Videos & Screen Recordings to Upload
While you can record video and even screen record in Kaltura,
there are lots of free options for you, all covered at the link below.
Recording Video on a Computer and Adding to Bb Learn -- aka Screen Record
Zoom is covered above as well.
You definitely can host a 1-person meeting & record yourself and/or your screen.
And the Zoom recording will auto-upload (auto-backup) to Kaltura or Drexel Streams.
If you login to Zoom with your Drexel username/password
using the SSO or Single Sign-On option.
Upload/Post Videos in Bb Learn with Kaltura
Kaltura is an embedded tool that lets you easily embed your uploaded Drexel Streams videos into Bb Learn assignment or discussion board or more.
Quick Instructions -- Submitting through Discussion Board
>>>>>SP 23 CI -102 LOOK HERE!<<<<<
NOTE: It looks like DU IT & Blackboard removed the circled + sign icon (even after clicking the ... icon) in the Discussion Board toolbar. But the method below does not rely on this, and will still work.
Student visits https://drexel.edu/it/streams in their web browser. Logs in with Drexel Connect userid and password, if prompted.
The Drexel Streams (Kaltura) website will appear.
Click ""My Media"" if video is already uploaded.
Or if video not uploaded:
click ""+Add New"" > ""Media Upload"" to upload a video.
Check box to agree to terms and conditions.
Click area or button to upload video.
Find and upload video on computer.
Wait for video to upload.
Click Save.
Wait for ""Your changes have been saved' message.
Click ""Go to My Media.""
Click title of video.
Scroll under video to ""ACTIONS,"" and click ""Publish"", then ""Unlisted,"" then ""Save.""
Click the ""Share"" tab. Copy the link under ""Link to Media Page.""
Paste the link to the video in the discussion board for submitting the presentation.
Quick Instructions -- Submit by Assignment Submission Link
>>>>>SP 23 CI -103 LOOK HERE!<<<<<
Click the Assignment Submission link for your video presentation in the Bb Learn course section.
You'll then be on the Assignment submission page.
Click ""Write Submission"" button.
In the large text box, click the ... icon on the far right to expand the toolbar.
You'll see 2 rows of toolbars after that.
Click the circled + sign.
Select the ""Kaltura Media Item.""
If you haven't upload your video yet:
Click ""+Add Item.""
Click ""Media Upload.""
Choose a file to upload.
Find the video file on your computer & select/open the video file to upload it.
Click ""Save and Embed.""
If you already uploaded a video to Kaltura or Drexel Streams:
Click ""Save and Embed"" video next to the video you want to submt.
The video should appear in the large text box.
Click ""Submit"" to submit your video presentation.
Detailed Instructions
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Embed Kaltura Audio or Video in Any Bb Learn Text Box
OR...
DU IT's/ITG's VIDEO: Submit a Video from Drexel Streams as an Assignment in Blackboard Learn
BE SURE to look at the next section too,
especially if the above method is not viable for submitting something for your class assignment or project.
Drexel Streams to Create Video Links for Anyone
Drexel Streams lets you modify the sharing permissions
to Unlisted on videos you upload
and quickly copy a link you can paste into emails or anywhere to share with others.
Unlisted is much better than any Published video option for this, generally.
For how to do this, see:
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Sharing Kaltura Audio or Video with Non-Drexel Users
Problems Uploading
Try again.
Sometimes Kaltura or Drexel Streams has flukes.
Also, close/re-open your web browser.
Or try a different web browser.
If the video is said to be incompatible or too large,
Handbrake has been the free go-to for a long time to quickly solve those issues.
For how to us Handbrake this, see:
Handbrake -- Smaller Video File Size or Converting Video
Quick Notes
Drexel Streams = Kaltura... mostly.
Drexel Streams and Kaltura are more or less the same.
The links below DO NOT SUBMIT videos to assignments or instructors. They are just good to know for this purpose, but there's more to submitting such assignments.
Drexel Streams is at:
https://drexel.edu/it/streams
or...
https://1513041.mediaspace.kaltura.com/
& has more features.
Kaltura is embedded in Bb Learn & lets you easily post in Bb Learn. Fewer features, though.
Same videos. Same backend service.
More on all of this below. 
Uploading Video, Audio, Media to Drexel Streams
It sometimes is easier or more helpful to upload a video you made to Drexel Streams directly, rather than through Bb Learn.

The links below DO NOT SUBMIT videos to assignments or instructors. 
They are just good to know for this purpose, but there's more to submitting such assignments.

Access Drexel Streams at:
https://drexel.edu/it/streams
or...
https://1513041.mediaspace.kaltura.com/
& login with Drexel userid/password.

Click +ADD NEW > Media Upload > agree to the terms, if prompted > and then ""Choose a file to upload. Follow on-screen instructions.

Again, this DOES NOT SUBMIT videos to assignments or instructors. 

It just helps towards that end.
Finding Uploaded Video, Audio, Media in Drexel Streams
It can be easier to search Drexel Streams for videos you uploaded via Kaltura to Bb Learn, rather than in Bb Learn..
Or you are in Drexel Streams and want to find a video, so here's how.

Go to Drexel Streams at:
https://drexel.edu/it/streams
or...
https://1513041.mediaspace.kaltura.com/
Click ""My Media"" & search or browse.
Even More Information on Kaltura or Drexel Streams
See:
DU IT's/ITG's VIDEO TUTORIALS on Kaltura or Drexel Streams
NOTE: You cannot make anyone a co-editor, co-publisher, or co-viewer
if that person hasn’t visited or logged into
Kaltura Drexel Streams at:
https://drexel.edu/it/streams
or...
https://1513041.mediaspace.kaltura.com/
Generally, this isn't necessary, though."
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Zoom not working and Troubleshooting
Basic Troubleshooting
Make sure webcam is not covered.
Uninstall Zoom completely from the computer Zoom isn't working on.
How to uninstall in Windows 10.
Download & install Zoom again.
Use the SSO or Single-sign on option to sign in.
Screenshare Shortcut Key
If someone cannot figure out how to screenshare, especially if you are trying to assist them, tell them to use the following shortcut key combination
Alt + S
Tell them to press and hold the Alt key. And then keep the Alt key held down, while they tap the S key once. Repeat these instructions slowy for a non-tech savvy user.
This shortcut allows the user to screen-share without having to find the share button
Echoes and Sound Artifacts
If possible, use a headset with a microphone, or AirPods or very good alternatives.
NO cheap bluetooth headphones with mics!
Your own external speakers play audio that the microphone picks up.
And others in the meeting could have the same thing going on.
It's a lot for echo cancellation to handle at times.
AirPods or headsets reduce what microphones pick-up, except for your own voice.
Everyone in the same physical room as the host user
should *mute their computer microphones and computer speaker volume.*

The host user is the exception.
The host user should NOT mute their computer microphone and computer speakers...
UNLESS the host use is using a phone or speakerphone for audio.
Then the host indeed should mute their computer microphone & computer speakers.
Zoom Lags or Freezes or Audio is Delayed
Try one or more of these suggestions.
All hosts, presenters, panelists, or participants:
mute your audio if you are not speaking much.
All hosts, presenters, panelists, or participants:
turn off your video, unless truly needed.
Instructors or others requiring video to appear may need to be flexible on that requirement.
If someone is screen sharing, have that person stop,
and adjust the resolution on their computer to 1920 x 1080p (or i) or below.
Then re-share screen.
Any scaling you choose is fine.
Close any open applications or browser tabs or windows not needed for the meeting.
Closing non-essential apps in the lower right (System Tray) in Windows,
or upper right (Menu Bar) in Mac, if you can.
Click the ^ in Windows (lower right) and right-click.
Close any messaging apps, Adobe apps, Microsoft apps not needed for this meeting.
Leave the Zoom meeting.
Update the Zoom app installed on your computer.
Re-enter the meeting.
Try updating Zoom. See link below.
Zoom Updating or Updates
Participants on their own personal WiFi network
might to try shutting down any other devices
on their personal WiFi network
to increase the overall available bandwidth.
Recovering a Deleted a Scheduled Meeting or a Recording
Zoom -- Recover Deleted Meeting or Recording
Invalid Meeting ID or Invalid Meeting Number Error
Zoom -- Invalid Meeting ID or Invalid Meeting Number
Zoom Crashes
Try one or more of these suggestions.
See what we suggest in the Zoom Lags or Freezes or Audio is Delayed section above.
If you are using another application, and Zoom is crashing:
uninstall/reinstall that application.
Use with OneNote has been an issue at times. Close OneNote.
Close and use less than 8 tabs in whatever web browser you have. 
Removing unknown or unused add-ons and extensions and clearing cache/history can help.
Link below has instructions.
Clear Browser Cache & History.
Do not use ""Gallery"" mode. It is resource intensive.
More info:
https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us/articles/201362323-Changing-the-video-layout-Active-Speaker-View-and-Gallery-View-
Uninstall & reinstall Zoom.
Reboot your device.
In the Zoom app, go to
Settings > Video Settings > Advanced.
Under ""Use hardware acceleration for"", uncheck ALL option.
If you still have problems after trying all the above,
try to change ""Video Rendering Method"" to ""Direct3D11.""
You may also want to Google this:
Best Zoom Video Rendering Method
and include the make, model, and/or OS of your computer in the search phrase.
If the above does not help, doing a more thorough update of drives, BIOS,
and such can help in Windows.
See link below.
Properly Update Windows 10 & Drivers in Windows 10
If nothing above helps, or you need other help with Drexel CCI classes or meetings, please reach out to ihelp@drexel.edu for further assistance."
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
QuickTime -- Converting Other Media
Here is how you can use QuickTime to convert other audio, video, or media to another format by screen recording it while it plays on your Mac.
To prevent unwanted audio during the recording, if you have two 3.5 mm audio ports, one for ""headphones"" (""lineout"") and one for ""microphone"" (""mic"" or ""linein""), find a 3.5 mm cord with a male plug at both ends, and plug the cord (or plug the plug) into the ""headphone"" and then the ""microphone"" ports or jacks on your computer. Make sure your screen recorder is not set to pick up computer audio. Then play the video and see if the screen recorder is picking up audio. Then do a test recording to see how it sounds.
If you don't have a ""lineout"" and ""linein"" 3.5 mm audio port on your computer, you can find USB-to-3.5 mm adapters (converters) on Amazon for less than $10 that have .
Here are example images of a 3.5 mm cord with a male plug at both ends.

 -by-step instructions for making such a screen recording using QuickTime on a Mac are below.
Review the webpage below for how to screen record with ""QuickTime.""
QuickTime -- Screen Recording Instructions
Open the video, audio, or other media on your Mac. Expand the window with this media and the contents of the window as large as possible without losing any wanted visuals.
Click the green circle in upper left of a window to expand it so that it takes up the entire display.
To return to the window to normal size, move your mouse pointer to the top of the computer display, and take your hands off your Mac's touch pad or mouse for 2-3 seconds. You'll see the top of the window appear, and then you can click the green circle again.
You can keep a window maximized but switch between another Window in recent Mac OS or macOS by placing 3 fingers on the touch pad and swiping left on the touchpad. Swipe 3 fingers right to go back to the maximized window.
Switch between applications using the keyboard:
Press and hold the ⌘ key (also known as ""command"" or ""cmd""), and then press ""tab"" once while holding the ⌘ key down.
The ""Application Switcher"" window appears.
While holding the ⌘ key, press the ""tab"" key one or more times to select an application to the right.
While holding the ⌘ key, press the ` key one or more times to select an application to the left.
Switch between multiple open windows for the same application, like an internet browser.
Press and hold the ⌘ key (also known as ""command"" or ""cmd""), and then press ' one or more times while holding the ⌘ key down to select the desired window.
Open up the QuickTime application on your Mac.
If you switch to a different application on your Mac then QuickTime, you'll likely have to open QuickTime again.
When QuickTime is open, if you right-click the QuickTime icon in the ""Dock"" or set of icons at the bottom of the Mac computer display, select ""Options,"" and select ""Keep in Dock,"" you can more easily access ""QuickTime.""
If a pop-up window for selecting files appears, click ""Done"" in lower right.
Click ""File"" and then ""New Screen Recording.""
Set the microphone in ""QuickTime"" to be ""Line In.""

Make sure the volume slider line is slid all the way to the left.

Set your Mac computer's volume to be about 75-80% of maximum.
Click the apple icon in upper left of computer display, select ""System Preferences,"" click ""Sound,"" click ""Output,"" and move the slider accordingly.
Or click the speaker icon (if available) in upper right of computer display, and move the slider accordingly.
 Find a 3.5 mm cord with a male plug at both ends, and plug the cord (or plug the plug) into the ""headphone"" and then the ""microphone"" ports or jacks on your computer.
Switch to the window with the media and start playing the media or running the media presentation.
Switch back to the QuickTime window, and check that audio level indicator is moving (meaning that audio is being picked up).
You usually want twice as many white bars appearing on average as shown in the following image.

Switch to the window with the media, stop playing the media, and set the media back to the beginning.
Check how long the media will play for.
Start the recording.
You may want to just do a test recording for 10-20 seconds first, and see what you get. Then discard the test recording.
Switch to the window with the media and start playing the media from the start.
Move your mouse cursor to the far left or right, and as far out of sight as possible.
Don't move it down or up.
Set a timer (most mobile devices have them built-in to clock applications with timers) for the length of the recording.
Wait for the media to play through, and don't do anything else on the computer playing the media.
When the timer expires, check that the media has finished playing, and stop the screen recording.
In ""QuickTime,"" use the ""Trim"" feature under ""Edit"" and then ""Trim"" to remove unwanted video from the start and end of the recording.
Start at the right side, and move the right end of the yellow box right to set where the video will end.
Note that if you move the slider, and then stop moving the slider without releasing it, QuickTime will ""zoom in"" so that you can move the slider over much shorter time intervals more easily.
Move the left end of the yellow box left to set where the video will start.
If you start on the left, then do the right side, you often have to redo the left side again.
Note that if you move the slider, and then stop moving the slider without releasing it, QuickTime will ""zoom in"" so that you can move the slider over much shorter time intervals more easily.
You can play the video within the yellow box to see what is still included and click different points in the movie timeline.
Click ""Trim"" when finished editing start and end of the video.
Save the video where you want with what name you want on your Mac."
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Microsoft Teams Member and User Management
Tagged with: permission channel microsoft teams users microsoft members users guests permissions guest microsoft teams members teams microsoft teams member people user channels
You can add anyone to a Team in Microsoft Teams as an owner, member, or guests. Guests are external to the Drexel organization (not students, not employees, not faculty, not paid researchers). No one can have access to a channel in a Team in Microsoft Teams if they are not a member, guest, or owner for that Team. However, you can use Private Channels if you want select members and guests of that Team to see that channel and its contents.
Creating Standard vs Private Channels.
Private channels have select members or guests only with access to that channel, rather than everyone in the team, like a Standard Channel.
https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/office/create-a-standard-or-private-channel-in-teams-fda0b75e-5b90-4fb8-8857-7e102b014525
Permission Level Differences for Team Roles Explained
https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/office/team-owner-member-and-guest-capabilities-in-teams-d03fdf5b-1a6e-48e4-8e07-b13e1350ec7b
Add guests to a team in Teams
https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/office/add-guests-to-a-team-in-teams-fccb4fa6-f864-4508-bdde-256e7384a14f
Set guest permissions for channels in Teams
https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/office/set-guest-permissions-for-channels-in-teams-4756c468-2746-4bfd-a582-736d55fcc169
Add Regular Team Members
https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/office/add-members-to-a-team-in-teams-aff2249d-b456-4bc3-81e7-52327b6b38e9
More on Teams
https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/office/Teams-and-channels-df38ae23-8f85-46d3-b071-cb11b9de5499"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Zoom -- Webinars for Large Virtual Meetings or Talks or Lectures
If you login to https://drexel.zoom.us , and click ""Webinars,"" you'll see this line:
""Zoom Video Webinars allow you to easily conduct large online events with
video, audio and screen sharing for up to 100 video participants and 10,000 attendees.""
Which aptly describes Zoom Webinars.
Really, any event with more than 50 people,
and especially events with non-Drexel attendees,
are great candidates for Zoom webinars.
Zoom webinars are NOT something to use for Drexel CCI classes, though.
Zoom webinars are ideally suited for larger,
less frequent events where you only want a select few to be able
to talk, share video, or use their webcams,
and the select few are usually the presenters, hosts or co-hosts, or moderators.
To arrange a Zoom webinar, email ihelp@drexel.edu with the following information.
Date of event
Start time
End time (estimated)
# of participants (estimated or desired)
Who is speaking?
Who should be included as co-hosts or moderators?
Include faculty and professional staff
who may answer or moderate chat questions,
or how need to mute/unmute audience microphones,
which are muted in webinars by default.
More Information on Zoom Webinars from Zoom
Meeting and webinar comparison
https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us/articles/115005474943-Meeting-and-webinar-comparison
Roles in a webinar
https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us/articles/360000252726
Getting started with Question & Answer (Q&A) in webinars
https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us/articles/203686015#h_78b48699-e323-4f45-87d9-37b1ad5273b7
Webinar practice session
https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us/articles/206316975
Roles in a meeting
https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us/articles/360040324512-Roles-in-a-meeting"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Adding Media to Bb Learn via Kaltura or Drexel Streams
Tagged with: kaltura kaltura media drexel streams kaltura quiz
Introduction
Kaltura Drexel Streams is the recommended video and audio repository for Bb Learn or any Drexel videos. One Kaltura audio or video file in Bb Learn can be shared in multiple different Bb Learn course sections, conserving server storage space. And Kaltura video is easily playable by students and instructors in the major internet browsers.
IMPORTANT!!!!!
Do NOT link to Zoom cloud recordings! They are deleted in 18 weeks.
ONLY use Kaltura Drexel Streams when uploading videos to Bb Learn.
Do NOT upload videos directly to Bb Learn!
It slows down Bb Learn & costs the university MUCH more money.
Simple Instructions
Go to your Bb Learn course section.
Enter a ""Week"" or other content area.
Click ""Build Content"" > ""Kaltura Media.""
Wait 5-10 seconds.
Select your video.
Or...
Click ""+Add Media"" and upload media.
Follow the on-screen instructions.
Example of a content area.
Many content areas are ""Week 1"" or ""Week 2"" or similar.

More In-Depth Instructions
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Adding Kaltura Audio or Video to a Content Area -- Instructors Only
Add to a Text Box:
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Embed Kaltura Audio or Video in Any Bb Learn Text Box
Video Tutorials on using Kaltura or Drexel Streams
DU IT's/ITG's VIDEO TUTORIALS on Kaltura or Drexel Streams
Uploading Directly to Drexel Streams -- Playable by Anyone with Link
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Uploading Directly to Drexel Streams -- Playable by Anyone with Link
Video Assignments in Bb Learn
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Video Assignments or Discussion Board Posts in Bb Learn
Student Instructions
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Adding Media to Bb Learn -- Student Instructions
Allow Download of Videos
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Allow Downloads
Light Video Editing in Kaltura Drexel Streams
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Edit Video or Video Settings
Drexel ITG Resources
https://drexel.edu/it/help/a-z/kaltura/tutorials/
Other Useful Topics
Recording Video on a Computer and Adding to Bb Learn -- aka Screen Record
Kaltura Capture
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Finding Your Kaltura Audio or Video After It Is Uploaded
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Sharing Kaltura Audio or Video with Non-Drexel Users
Captions
Troubleshooting
Check the status of the Kaltura service at the website below.
https://status.kaltura.com/
If you have issues uploading, try the following.
Simply try again.
Try in a different web browser.
If the video is more than 1 GB, try splitting the video into 2 parts.
Use free Handbrake app to convert the video to a smaller size & widely accepted formats (as well as encoding)
Handbrake -- Smaller Video File Size or Converting Video
If working from home...
At least 25 Mbps download and 5 Mbps upload are recommended, if possible.
Slower upload speeds could lead to timeouts with very large video files.
Keywords: Kaltura, Kaltura, Kaltura, Kaltura"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
echo360 -- Troubleshooting
Troubleshooting a Flashing Video Feed
Troubleshooting Live Broadcast Issues
Troubleshooting on a mobile device
Troubleshooting Recording Playback Issues"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Zoom -- Maximum Attendees and Breakout Rooms
Every Drexel faculty, student and staff has Drexel pro Zoom account.
Drexel pro Zoom account can host up to 300 participants for a meeting.
You can have all 300 participants in 1 breakout room.
You can have up to 50 breakout rooms.
Up to 200 participants can be pre-assigned to breakout rooms.
If a larger room(more than 300 people) is needed for zoom meeting,
please contact ihelp@drexel.edu
if you are Drexel CCI faculty/students/staff.
Note: Only the main room gets recorded.
Record Zoom Breakout Rooms
For additional information about Drexel Zoom & breakout rooms:
https://drexel.edu/it/help/a-z/zoom/zoomfaq/
https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us/articles/206476313-Managing-Breakout-Rooms#h_1660846b-7d2d-4a87-b8a6-efe29a61759a"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
QuickTime -- Recovering a Video
If you just recorded a video in QuickTime, and try to save the ""Untitled"" or not yet saved video, and you get a window pop-up that says ""Cannot Open,"" or for some reason just can't save the video…
Keep the unsaved video open.
If you close or have closed the unsaved video, you may lose the video.
Open Finder or click a blank area of your desktop.
Press keyboard combination of Cmd-Shift-g or go to the ""Go"" option in ""Finder.""
Type in the following folder path in the field provided, and click ""OK.""
~/Library/Containers/com.apple.QuickTimePlayerX/Data/Library/Autosave Information/
Note that you can just type in the first ~/Library/Containers or so, press OK, and click through to the rest.
Look for a file called ""Unsaved QuickTime Player Document.qtpxcomposition,"" or something similar.
Right-click or ctrl-click or 2-finder clicker the file, and select ""Show Package Contents.""
Copy the ""Screen Recording.mov"" file to your desktop.
Open the ""Scree Recording.mov"" file on your desktop and confirm it's the recording you want.
If you have the right recording, close without saving the ""Untitled"" or not yet saved video window. You do not need it now.
Rename the ""Scree Recording.mov"" file on your desktop as something appropriate.
 Thanks to stackexchange and Matt Sephton for posting this tip at webpage below.
https://apple.stackexchange.com/questions/317842/cannot-open-when-trying-to-save-screen-recording-in-quicktime-player"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
echo360 -- Sharing an Individual Class Recording -- for Instructors
Introduction
Some instructors choose to have their classes recorded in echo360 but to have these recordings be unavailable to students by default.
This webpage explains how an instructor can share the recording of a particular lecture or class with one student or a select number of students when the recordings for this class are unavailable to students by default.
Students will access these recordings at the https://echo360.org website, outside of Bb Learn.
*INSTRUCTORS: It is your responsibility to inform students if your class is being recorded but that these recordings are unavailable.*
You will be contacted multiple times before the start of a quarter if your class is going to be recorded.
We HIGHLY RECOMMEND obtaining department head, assistant department head, or program director approval before sharing class recordings with anyone who wasn't enrolled as an instructor, course assistant, or student in the class.
Logging into echo360
You can login to echo360 to find your class recordings at https://echo360.org.
Your login email address is going to be your long form Drexel email address.
   (a) For example: Mike Galloway's long form Drexel email address is michael.j.galloway@drexel.edu.
Your password is going to be your Bb Learn or DrexelOne password, unless you changed it in Echo360
   (a) If you forgot your password, or have password problems, click the ""Forgot your password?"" link on the https://echo360.org webpage.
If you do not know your long form Drexel email address, here's how to find it.
   (a) Login to Bb Learn at http://learn.drexel.edu using your DrexelOne username and password.
   (b) Click your name in the upper right corner of the Bb Learn webpage.
   (c) Click ""Settings.""
   (d) Click ""Personal Information.""
   (e) Click ""Edit Personal Information.""
   (f) Copy your email address.
           i.  Note that you cannot change your email address or password in Bb Learn.
   (g) Click ""Cancel.""
Method 1 -- Contact Us and Ask Us to Share the Class Recording
If you want us to share the recording of one of your classes, contact ihelp@drexel.edu with this request, and provide the following information:
Full name of student or of each student who need access to the recording
Academic quarter and year of class (for example: FA 16-17 or Fall 2016)
Subject code, course number, and section number of class (for example: INFO-519-002)
Date and time of the recording to share
If downloads of recordings are allowed (if not provided, we'll assume they are not)
Method 2 -- Share the Class Recording Yourself
If a student is not in echo360 already, you'll need to use Method 1 above.
Here is how to share a recording of a class with a student or select students in this scenario.
Obtain the full name and email address from the student or each of the students to whom you are giving access.
   (a) The ""Users"" page in your Bb Learn course shell will tell you this information.
            i.  The instructions at the webpage below will tell you how to find this page and obtain names and email addresses of students in your class.
                   1.  Bb Learn Users
If you don't want this student or these students who are being given access to the recording to be able to download the recordings, follow the instructions on the webpage below, and then return to this webpage.
   (a) echo360 -- Turning Downloads Off for your Class
Login to echo360, if you haven't already, at https://echo360.org.
   (a) Your login email address is going to be your long form Drexel email address.
            i.  For example: Mike Galloway's long form Drexel email address is michael.j.galloway@drexel.edu. Yours may not include the middle initial and may include numbers.
   (b) Your password is going to be your Bb Learn or DrexelOne password, unless you changed it in echo360
            i.  If you forgot your password, or have password problems, click the ""Forgot your password?"" link on the https://echo360.orgwebpage.
   (c) If you do not know your long form Drexel email address, here's how to find it.
            i.   Method 1: Visit the Drexel Directory webpage below, and look your long form Drexel email address up using your name in last name, first name format for the search terms.
                    1.  http://drexel.edu/about/contact/
            ii.  Method 2:
                    1.  Login to Bb Learn at http://learn.drexel.edu using your DrexelOne username and password.
                    2.  Click your name in the upper right corner of the Bb Learn webpage.
                    3.  Click ""Settings, then ""Personal Information,"" then ""Edit Personal Information."" Copy your long form Drexel email address. Click ""Cancel.""
                    4.  Note that you cannot change your email address or password in Bb Learn.
Click ""LIBRARY"" in the upper left of the echo360 webpage.
Find the class you want to share.
Click the class you want to share.
Click ""SHARING.""
Click ""SHARE.""
Enter the email address of a student to share the class recording.
Click ""SHARE.""
If you get an error message that the student isn't in the system, see the Method 1 section above.
If you see a green success message and the student's name added to the ""Sharing..."" area, then the recording has been shared with the student.
Repeat steps 7-11 to share the recording with other students.
Click the ""X"" in the upper right of the webpage when finished, and logout of echo360 if you wish.
Share with students the following webpage with instructions on how to access echo360 outside of Bb learn.
   (a) echo360 -- Accessing Lecture Recordings Outside of Bb Learn -- Instructors Only
Removing Access for One or More Students to a Class Recording
Here is how you can remove access for one or more students to a class recording who were given access by one of the above methods.
Login to echo360, if you haven't already, at https://echo360.org.
   (a) Your login email address is going to be your long form Drexel email address.
            i.    For example: Mike Galloway's long form Drexel email address is michael.j.galloway@drexel.edu.
   (b) Your password is going to be your Bb Learn or DrexelOne password, unless you changed it in Echo360
            i.     If you forgot your password, or have password problems, click the ""Forgot your password?"" link on the https://echo360.orgwebpage.
    (c) If you do not know your long form Drexel email address, here's how to find it.
            i.     Login to Bb Learn at http://learn.drexel.edu using your DrexelOne username and password.
            ii.    Click your name in the upper right corner of the Bb Learn webpage.
            iii.   Click ""Settings.""
            iv.    Click ""Personal Information.""
            v.     Click ""Edit Personal Information.""
            vi.    Copy your email address.
                       1.  Note that you cannot change your email address or password in Bb Learn.
            vii.   Click ""Cancel.""
Click ""LIBRARY"" in the upper left of the echo360 webpage.
Find the class you want to modify.
Click the class you want to modify.
Click ""SHARING.""
In the ""Sharing..."" area, click the X in the row of each student whose access you want to remove, and click ""OK.""
   (a) There is a check box you can check to select all students if you wish.
Click the ""X"" in the upper right of the webpage when finished, and logout of echo360 if you wish."
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Zoom -- Inviting guest to join a zoom meeting as Alternate Host
1. Open Zoom on your pc and make sure you're signed in. 


2. Pick the date & time for the zoom meeting and make sure to uncheck the ""only authenticated users can join.""

3. Giving other people host permission

4. Copy the meeting invitation. It will be automatically copied to your keyboard

5. Create a new email and paste the invitation. Guests can use the ""Join Zoom Meeting"" link to join the zoom meeting"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Zoom -- Recordings with Playback Range - Edits Not Kept After Download
Information on Playback Range
Zoom is setting a “Playback Range” of the original recording, not modifying it.
So if the Zoom recording is downloaded,
the downloaded recording will still be the original length,
regardless of the playback range you set.
But, of course, you can edit the downloaded video file.
Note: Zoom has a loophole where students can still view the full-length videos, even in Zoom:
“Note: Playback range will not apply to users viewing cloud recordings on Internet Explorer, Safari, or on mobile devices,
if they view the recording using low bandwidth mode.”
This is unfortunate,
but there is a good chance that few if any students will see the full version.
See 3rd paragraph under
https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us/articles/115003001383-Cloud-recording-playback
Keeping Edits
If you trim the video in Kaltura or Drexel Streams, or another actual video editor,
the edits remain, even if downloaded (or played or shared).
Check Kaltura or Drexel Streams, and the “Zoom Recordings” folder in OneDrive,
but there’s a good chance that your edits in Zoom don’t carry over.
See Edit Video or Video Settings in Kaltura Drexel Streams
One useful thing to do here might be to take some screenshots of these Zoom video recording’s “Playback Range.”
See step 3 & screenshot there at link below:
https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us/articles/115003001383-Cloud-recording-playback
Save these screenshots in a folder with course number or title
in hidden-to-students folder in Bb Learn
(or OneDrive or where you will, and named what you will).
Then when you post Kaltura videos in Bb Learn of these Zoom recordings,
just find the vidoes in Drexel Streams at https://learn.dcolleget.net ,
and do the quick and lite video editing & trimming
using the time stamps shown in the “Playback Range” screenshots."
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Krisp.AI Install and Usage Instructions
Instructions on how to install Krisp.ai sound removal software
Go to the website here and download the free version of krisp.

Next page will prompt you to create an account to download the application.

Verify your email, and then the software should auto-download.

Go through the regular installer whether .exe or .pkg.

Next is to make sure your sound inputs are setup to use krisp. Below is an example screenshot.

Use the drop down menus to choose your sound settings correctly. This could be an internal mic, external mic, speakers etc. In Zoom/Teams/Skype/Whatever video conferencing software you use, you will need to select Krisp as the mic input. Also make sure to flip on the ""remove noise"" slider shown in the screenshot above.
WARNING: You only get 120 minutes a WEEK for the free version, if you need more, you will need to upgrade!"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Zoom -- Quick Test Before First Real Use
Zoom Basics
For Drexel CCI faculty, staff, students.
Log into Zoom via https://drexel.zoom.us 
   (a) Use Drexel userid & password.
Choose ""Sign In Standard""
Click ""HOST A MEETING"" (upper right).
Click ""With Video Off"" (or ""On"" -- your choice).
   (a) If prompted: Click to install Zoom
Click ""Open with zoom"" or zoom.us .
   (a) If prompted: Enter name/email if prompted.
Click ""Join With Computer Audio.""
Click & try microphone icon -- moving color fill in icon indicates audio picking up
Click & try camera -- you'll see yourself
Click & try Share -- Choose your computer screen and click ""Share"" again in lower right.
After You Join a Zoom Meeting -- Just Once per Computer
Zoom -- SSO Single Sign-On and Host Sign-In
Once you do the above,
if you click a Zoom meeting link that you created/scheduled,
you will enter as a Host.
And for other Zoom meetings links, you will enter with your Drexel Account.
Audio Issues?
Zoom -- Audio Issues and Joining by Telephone
Learn Your Personal Meeting ID
Only give this out to co-workers or people you trust not to abuse it.
Go to https://drexel.zoom.us in a new web browser tab.
Click Profile.
Look in Personal Meeting ID section
for your personal Zoom meeting link & Meeting ID.
Use that for instant Zoom meetings.
Write down your personal Zoom meeting link & Meeting ID.
Keep it where you can get to it easily.
Scheduling a Zoom Meeting
If you want to try scheduling a Zoom meeting, see link below.
Zoom -- Scheduling
More Zoom Info
Our Zoom page"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Teams -- Changing Audio
Change Windows 10 Speaker Output or Audio Output
Click speaker icon.
Then click ^ icon to choose a different speaker.

Select a speaker option.


Change Teams Settings Outside of a Meeting
(Windows) Click Start menu & open Teams app.
(Mac) Press Cmd + spacebar & search for Teams.

Click your avatar or initials icon & click Settings.

Click Devices.
Click Speakers & choose a speaker.
Choose Microphone & choose a microphone."
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Captions
Captions for a Single Video in Kaltura Drexel Streams
Upload finished videos to Kaltura Drexel Streams first.
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Adding Media to Bb Learn
Once you have a video uploaded.
Login to Kaltura Drexel Streams at:
https://drexel.edu/it/streams
or...
https://1513041.mediaspace.kaltura.com/
Click ""My Media,"" and click the link to your video.
Scroll down to ""ACTIONS"" and click ""+Captions & Enrich.""
Scroll down under ""Order Captions,"" and click ""Submit.""
There is rarely any need to change settings.
Wait 24 hours for captions to appear.
This method uses AI to auto-generate transcripts,
but the accuracy is not good enough for students who need special accommodations.
Captions for Multiple Videos
Upload finished videos to Kaltura Drexel Streams first.
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Adding Media to Bb Learn
Once you have a video uploaded:
Login to Kaltura Drexel Streams at:
https://drexel.edu/it/streams
or...
https://1513041.mediaspace.kaltura.com/
Click ""My Media.""
Check the box in front of multiple videos you want captions.
Scroll down to ""ACTIONS.""
Click ""+ Captions & Enrich.""
There is rarely any need to change settings.
Click ""Submit.""
Wait 24 hours for captions to appear.
This method use AI to auto-generate transcripts,
but the accuracy is not good enough for students who need special accommodations.
Download a Transcript
There will be timestamps in it, but you can do the following to get one, after doing the above and waiting for the captions to appear, to download captions as a file that can also be used as a transcript.
Login to Kaltura Drexel Streams at:
https://drexel.edu/it/streams
or...
https://1513041.mediaspace.kaltura.com/
Click ""My Media"" > the link to your video.
Scroll down to ""ACTIONS.""
Click ""Edit"" > ""Captions"" > down-arrow-on-box icon .
Contact ihelp@drexel.edu if you need help removing the timestamps."
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
OpenShot Video Editor
Helpful Links and Info
Download OpenShot: https://www.openshot.org/download/
OpenShot's Own User Guide: https://www.openshot.org/user-guide/
For Windows/Mac/Linux.
Video editor ONLY.
Completely free.
Upload edited video to Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Adding Media to Bb Learn
Otherwise, you greatly slowdown Bb Learn for everyone.
How to Record Your Video First
Use whatever works best for you and is available to you.
If you are not sure what to use, record yourself in a Zoom meeting, and download the video file. Instructions below.
Zoom -- Recording
Cannot Open/Edit a Video in OpenShot
Use the free Handbrake app to convert video formats, like. mov and more, to mp4 or mv4 that OpenShot can use.
Handbrake -- Smaller Video File Size or Converting Video
Basic Instructions
Click + sign.
Then select your video to add.

Right-click (ctrl-click or 2-finger click) the movie clip.
Then click ""Add to Timeline.""

Click OK to add video clip to timeline.
Agree to default settings.

Click |< to move play head to 0 seconds, or start of timeline.

If you want to add another video clip after the 1st clip.
Click >| to move play head to end of clip on timeline.

Zoom bar lets you change the time intervals between the ruler hash lines on the timeline.
Vertical scroll bar lets you scroll up and down through tracks.
Tracks let you overlay images or video (or add audio) on top of other video.
Horizontal scroll bar lets you scroll left and right, or earlier or later, on the video timeline.

If you want to actually add another video clip, click + sign again.
As before, right-click (ctrl-click or 2-finger click).
And select ""Add to Timeline"" to add another video clip to the timeline.

Cut something out in the middle of the video?
Click scissors icon.
Then click the beginning of the part of the video you want to remove.
Click the end of the part of the video you want to remove.
Click the cut-out video segment you want to remove.
Press delete or backspace key to remove it.
Saving Your Video Project & Exporting Usable Video
You need to save your project in case you want to edit it again. It'll be saved as a project file.
This project file is NOT something you can upload or share as a video.
So once you save your project file, you need to export your project as a usable video file.
Both are easy to do. Here's how.
To save your video project, click ""File"" > ""Save Project as.""

Save your project file to where you wish on your computer.
Make sure it's some place you'll be able to find later.
To export your project as a usable video file, click ""File"" > ""Export Project"" > ""Export Video.""
Export video with the default settings.
Other good export options are 1080i 30fps or 720p 30fps.

Save the video to where you wish on your computer.
Make sure it's some place you'll be able to find later.
Kaltura Drexel Streams to Put on Bb Learn or Other Sharing
Use these instructions to upload your video to Bb Learn or Kaltura Drexel Streams.
Instructors: Adding Media to Bb Learn via Kaltura or Drexel Streams
Students: Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Adding Media to Bb Learn -- Student Instructions
Problems Uploading
Try again.
Sometimes Kaltura or Drexel Streams has flukes.
Also, close/re-open your web browser.
Or try a different web browser.
If the video is said to be incompatible or too large,
Handbrake has been the free go-to for a long time to quickly solve those issues.
See Handbrake -- Smaller Video File Size or Converting Video"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
echo360 -- Live Event Attendance Guide -- Not for Classes
Physically attending the event as well? If so, turn the volume all the way down on your computer speakers before opening the live broadcast or stream for the event.
Presenting at the event? This webpage is not for presenters. Contact us using the information at the bottom of this webpage for assistance.
This guide will tell you how to attend a live event remotely at Drexel's College of Computing & Informatics (CCI) that is being live broadcast or streamed through echo360, as well as how to post and respond to questions, exit the live event, and logout of echo360.
If you don't already have an echo360 account for Drexel CCI, find the email recently sent to you from echo360 and complete your registration on https://echo360.org.
   (a) Record your login email address and password for echo360.
If you do have already have an echo360 account for Drexel CCI, login to echo360 at https://echo360.org. 
   (a) Your login email address is going to be your long form Drexel email address.
            i.   For example: Mike Galloway's long form Drexel email address is michael.j.galloway@drexel.edu. Yours may not include the middle initial and may include numbers.
   (b) Your password is going to be your Bb Learn or DrexelOne password, unless you changed it in echo360
            i.   If you forgot your password, or have password problems, click the ""Forgot your password?"" link on the https://echo360.org webpage.
   (c) If you do not know your long form Drexel email address, here's how to find it.
            i.   Method 1: Visit the Drexel Directory webpage below, and look your long form Drexel email address up using your name in last name, first name format for the search terms.
                    1.  http://drexel.edu/about/contact/
            ii.  Method 2:
                    1.  Login to Bb Learn at http://learn.drexel.edu using your DrexelOne username and password.
                    2.  Click your name in the upper right corner of the Bb Learn webpage.
                    3.  Click ""Settings, then ""Personal Information,"" then ""Edit Personal Information."" Copy your long form Drexel email address. Click ""Cancel.""
                    4.  Note that you cannot change your email address or password in Bb Learn.
At the day and time of the event, login to https://echo360.org in a new internet browser tab or window.
   (a) If you forget your password, click the ""Forgot your password?"" link on the webpage.
If you don't already see the ""DASHBOARD"" page, click ""DASHBOARD"" at the top left.


Click ""ALL CLASSES"" in the same row/area for whichever event you are attending.



Click the date of the live event.


If you see a countdown clock, wait for the clock to count down and the live event to start.
Click the play arrow when it appears.



Click to allow/activate/run flash or other plugins (if prompted).



Note that there will be a lag of 5-10 seconds between the actual event and the live broadcast or stream.
Close the ""Notes"" panel by clicking the X in the upper right.
Click ""Questions"" (overlapping speech balloons) icon.
   (a) Move mouse over live event video window if you don't see this icon.

          

The ""Questions"" panel will open.



To post a question:
   (a) Click ""NEW QUESTION."" Enter your question in the new question box. Click ""POST QUESTION.""
   (b) For more help, see the following webpage.
            i.  http://help.echo360.org/#t=Student_Guide%2FPosting_Questions_About_Class_Presentations.htm
To respond to a question.
   (a) Click a question. Click ""RESPOND TO THIS QUESTION."" Enter your response in the text box provided. Click ""POST.""
    (b) For more help, see the following webpage.
             i.  http://help.echo360.org/#t=Student_Guide%2FResponding_to_Questions_about_Class_Presentations.htm
To leave the live event:
   (a) Move mouse over live event video window. Click menu icon in upper left. Click ""Exit Classroom.""

         

         

To log out of echo360:
   (a) Click your name in upper right. Click ""LOGOUT.""
Technical Issues?
See the following webpage if you encounter any technical issues.
echo360 -- Troubleshooting Live Broadcast Issues"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Echo360 -- First Use in Bb Learn
First Use in a Bb Learn Course
Click the ""Class Capture"" or ""echo360 Class Recordings"" link in the left-hand course menu in your Bb Learn course. This link is circled in the example screenshot below.
Note that your course will most likely not be called ""INFO-TEST2"" or have the ""Class Capture"" link in the exact same spot in the left-hand course menu.

On the ""Class Capture"" or or ""echo360 Class Recordings"" webpage, click the link under ""Build Content"" with the same subject code and course number.
The link may start with ""echo360 for"" and then list your class's subject code and course number.

You should see an echo360 webpage with the recordings or live broadcasts for your class.
Not seeing the echo360 webpage?
(Safari users only) If you get a message about allowing cookies, set Safari to always allow all cookies. Instructions are below.
Click the ""Safari"" menu.
Click ""Preferences.""
Click ""Privacy.""
Select ""Always allow"" next to ""Cookies and website data.""
Close the ""Security"" window.
Reload the Bb Learn webpage.
Everyone else, or If you a Safari user and still have issues, disable your pop-up blocker for Bb Learn. Instructions are below.
Set your internet browser to allow pop-up tab/windows for Bb Learn (or all websites with Safari). Here's how to do this in all the major internet browsers (in no particular order).
Firefox pop-up disabling
In Firefox, the blocked pop-up message will look like the example screenshot below. Click the ""Preferences"" button shown in the upper-right corner of the example screenshot below. Then click ""Allow pop-ups for learn.dcollege.net."" (Linux Ubuntu 14.04 LTS users will likely need to click ""Preferences,"" then ""Edit Pop-Up Blocker Preferences...,"" enter ""https://learn.dcollege.net"" (note the ""s"" after ""http"") in the ""Address of website:"" field, then click ""Allow"" to allow ""https://learn.dcollege.net"" to have pop-ups, then click ""Save Changes."")
Internet Explorer pop-up disabling
In Internet Explorer 11, the blocked pop-up message will look like the example screenshot below. Click ""Options for this site."" Then click ""Always allow."" You may not need to do anything more for the Echo360.org website for your Bb Learn course to open in a new window, but if you do, proceed to step 4. 

Safari pop-up disabling
In Safari, you will not get a message that pop-ups are blocked. To allow pop-ups, click the ""Safari"" menu, click ""Preferences,"" click ""Security,"" uncheck ""Block pop-up windows,"" and close the ""Security"" window.
Please note that this will allow pop-ups on all websites you visit in Safari.
Safari unfortunately does not allow you to select specific websites where pop-ups are allowed, so you may wish to use a different internet browser if this is an issue for you.
Or, after you are finished with echo360, you can block pop-ups again. To block pop-ups again, click the ""Safari"" menu, click ""Preferences,"" click ""Security,"" check ""Block pop-up windows,"" and close the ""Security"" window.
Chrome pop-up disabling
In Chrome, the blocked pop-up message will look like the example screenshot below. Click on the pop-up blocked icon circled in the example screenshot below. Then select ""Always allow pop-ups from learn.dcollege.net"" and click ""Done."" 
Edge (NOT RECOMMENDED) pop-up disabling
Edge is not recommended for use with Bb Learn or echo360.
If you want to still try to use Edge, then in Edge, the blocked pop-up message will look like the example screenshot below. Click ""Always allow.""

If new tab/window opens (possibly with code on it), close the new tab/window.
Reload the Bb Learn webpage.
If reloading the Bb Learn webpage does not give you access to the echo360 recordings or live broadcast, follow the instructions below.
Click the house icon circled in the example screenshot below.

Repeat steps 1-2 above, and you should then have the echo360.org website for your Bb Learn course open in a new window.
Unless you have set your browser not to save your preferences, you should now only have to do steps 1-2 to access the echo360.org website through Bb Learn.
But look below for additional assistance if needed.
Trouble with echo360
If you have any problems with echo360 after following the above instructions, see the following webpages:
echo360 -- Troubleshooting Live Broadcast Issues
echo360 -- Troubleshooting Recording Playback Issues"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Zoom not working and Troubleshooting
Basic Troubleshooting
Make sure webcam is not covered.
Uninstall Zoom completely from the computer Zoom isn't working on.
How to uninstall in Windows 10.
Download & install Zoom again.
Use the SSO or Single-sign on option to sign in.
Screenshare Shortcut Key
If someone cannot figure out how to screenshare, especially if you are trying to assist them, tell them to use the following shortcut key combination
Alt + S
Tell them to press and hold the Alt key. And then keep the Alt key held down, while they tap the S key once. Repeat these instructions slowy for a non-tech savvy user.
This shortcut allows the user to screen-share without having to find the share button
Echoes and Sound Artifacts
If possible, use a headset with a microphone, or AirPods or very good alternatives.
NO cheap bluetooth headphones with mics!
Your own external speakers play audio that the microphone picks up.
And others in the meeting could have the same thing going on.
It's a lot for echo cancellation to handle at times.
AirPods or headsets reduce what microphones pick-up, except for your own voice.
Everyone in the same physical room as the host user
should *mute their computer microphones and computer speaker volume.*

The host user is the exception.
The host user should NOT mute their computer microphone and computer speakers...
UNLESS the host use is using a phone or speakerphone for audio.
Then the host indeed should mute their computer microphone & computer speakers.
Zoom Lags or Freezes or Audio is Delayed
Try one or more of these suggestions.
All hosts, presenters, panelists, or participants:
mute your audio if you are not speaking much.
All hosts, presenters, panelists, or participants:
turn off your video, unless truly needed.
Instructors or others requiring video to appear may need to be flexible on that requirement.
If someone is screen sharing, have that person stop,
and adjust the resolution on their computer to 1920 x 1080p (or i) or below.
Then re-share screen.
Any scaling you choose is fine.
Close any open applications or browser tabs or windows not needed for the meeting.
Closing non-essential apps in the lower right (System Tray) in Windows,
or upper right (Menu Bar) in Mac, if you can.
Click the ^ in Windows (lower right) and right-click.
Close any messaging apps, Adobe apps, Microsoft apps not needed for this meeting.
Leave the Zoom meeting.
Update the Zoom app installed on your computer.
Re-enter the meeting.
Try updating Zoom. See link below.
Zoom Updating or Updates
Participants on their own personal WiFi network
might to try shutting down any other devices
on their personal WiFi network
to increase the overall available bandwidth.
Recovering a Deleted a Scheduled Meeting or a Recording
Zoom -- Recover Deleted Meeting or Recording
Invalid Meeting ID or Invalid Meeting Number Error
Zoom -- Invalid Meeting ID or Invalid Meeting Number
Zoom Crashes
Try one or more of these suggestions.
See what we suggest in the Zoom Lags or Freezes or Audio is Delayed section above.
If you are using another application, and Zoom is crashing:
uninstall/reinstall that application.
Use with OneNote has been an issue at times. Close OneNote.
Close and use less than 8 tabs in whatever web browser you have. 
Removing unknown or unused add-ons and extensions and clearing cache/history can help.
Link below has instructions.
Clear Browser Cache & History.
Do not use ""Gallery"" mode. It is resource intensive.
More info:
https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us/articles/201362323-Changing-the-video-layout-Active-Speaker-View-and-Gallery-View-
Uninstall & reinstall Zoom.
Reboot your device.
In the Zoom app, go to
Settings > Video Settings > Advanced.
Under ""Use hardware acceleration for"", uncheck ALL option.
If you still have problems after trying all the above,
try to change ""Video Rendering Method"" to ""Direct3D11.""
You may also want to Google this:
Best Zoom Video Rendering Method
and include the make, model, and/or OS of your computer in the search phrase.
If the above does not help, doing a more thorough update of drives, BIOS,
and such can help in Windows.
See link below.
Properly Update Windows 10 & Drivers in Windows 10
If nothing above helps, or you need other help with Drexel CCI classes or meetings, please reach out to ihelp@drexel.edu for further assistance."
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Zoom -- Missing or Lost or Deleted Zoom Recordings
Instructions
Login to https://drexel.zoom.us


Login if prompted, and click ""Recordings"" in the left nav. 
Check under the ""Cloud Recordings"" tab first.
""Cloud Recordings"" in Drexel Zoom takes 126 days to expire.

Then the ""Local Recordings"" tab second.


""Cloud Recordings"" in Drexel Zoom are ALSO automatically backed up (separate copy) to Drexel Kaltura Streams at https://drexel.edu/it/streams.


Login, if prompted, to Drexel Kaltura Streams.
Click ""My Media.""
Search or browse what is there.

Very Old Zoom Recordings May Be in OneDrive.
If it's a really old recording, from June 9, 2021 or so or before, you might find it in OneDrive.
Go to https://portal.office.com .Login if prompted.
Click the 9-dot icon in the upper left.
Click ""OneDrive.""
And look for a ""Zoom Recordings"" folder.

Notes & Troubleshooting
If you saved the recording to a Drexel computer, and OneDrive was set-up on it, it's possible OneDrive was set to backup your Desktop, Documents, and Downloads. 
It's possible you can use the above instructions to get to OneDrive on the web and look in your deleted items there and see if the recording is there or in a space where deleted items are kept for a bit before they are truly purged.
If you still can't find the recording, contact zoomadmin@drexel.edu, and see if they can assist in locating the recording. "
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Drexel CCI Remote Desktop Access to Work Computer
Mac remote access to Mac
Mac remote access to Mac -- Setting up a Mac computer for remote access to another Mac
Windows Computer Access via Microsoft Remote Desktop
Microsoft Remote Desktop -- Mac access to Windows computer
Microsoft Remote Desktop -- Set up Win PC for Remote Desktop access through Mac
Microsoft Remote Desktop -- Windows Access to a Windows Computer
Microsoft Remote Desktop -- Set up Win PC for Remote Desktop access
Troubleshooting Remote Desktop"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
echo360 -- Rebooting echo360 Devices in CCI Classrooms
Here is how CCI iCommons or uCommons staff can reboot an echo360 SafeCapture HD device.
All CCI classrooms have an echo360 SafeCapture HD device in them or near them. This is the device that allows for recording, storing, and streaming video and audio feeds from CCI classrooms for events and class recordings.
These devices should be rebooted once a week, when nothing is being recorded.
Rebooting an echo360 device can also often technical issues with recordings or live broadcasts.
Echo360 takes 10 minutes or so to fully reboot. The live video stream and recording will start immediately afterwards again, but there will be a 10 minute or so gap.
To reboot an echo360 device, do the following.
     1. Grab the podium key.
          (a) Ask the co-op or John McNamara or another student assistant if you don't know where to find this key.
     2. Bring a cellphone with a flashlight option or a flashlight.
     3. Enter the CCI classroom, and open up the back of the podium with the key.For SC 326 (3401 Market Street), go instead to the small equipment room on the same floor and open up the small server rack.
          (a) Ask the co-op or John McNamara or another student assistant if you don't know where this room is.
     4. Find the echo360 device, turn the switch off on the back right of the device, wait 10 seconds, and turn the switch on again.
          (a) If you have trouble finding the echo360 device, look at the front of the podium for a device labeled echo360, then figure where that device would be located when viewed from behind.
           
     5. Lock up the podium. That's it."
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Camtasia -- Quizzes and Importing into Bb Learn
First, we VERY HIGHLY recommend building your Quizzes in Kaltura Drexel Streams rather than using Camtasia.
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Quizzes in Videos
Camtasia most certainly can be used for screen recording, video recording, and video editing.
But we do not recommend using the test or quiz function in Camtasia. There are hard to resolve technical issues if something goes wrong with a Camtasia quiz imported into Bb Learn.
If you do go that route, here are instructions for how to get the quiz into Bb Learn.
Basically, when you are finished editing the video in Camtasia, and have added the quiz(zes) in Camtasia, and you go to Share > Local File > MP4 with Smart Player (up to 1080p) > Next > Report quiz results using SCORM (I left SCORM options on defaults, but feel free to experiment) and do not check “Report quiz results through email” > Next > choose “Folder” and rename if wish and check “Organize produced files into sub-folders” and “Show production results” but do not check “Play video after production (before upload)” > “Finish.”
Go into the newly created folder with your video on your computer, find the .zip file and note the location. Go to Bb Learn and one of your “Week” areas or a similar area with a “Build Content” button/menu and click Build Content > Content Package (SCORM) > Browse My Computer > find the folder with .zip file and select and upload it > Submit. Wait for upload, possibly a while with no visual indication of progress. Fill in options on form that appears. You do not need to make it gradeable. I recommend putting in the “Description” box or “Title” that this is a video with quiz and to click link to play. Then click Submit. New items appears at bottom of pages (unless no items on page). Play video.
Disable pop-up blocker if no video plays. Chrome or Firefox may work better than Safari. Edge and IE are not recommended.
If you don’t need the quizzes graded, I highly recommend making the quizzes in Kaltura directly, after uploading the video by itself into the Kaltura Drexel Streams tool in Bb Learn, or at https://drexel.edu/it/streams . There are more available functions in DrexelOne, FYI. You can distribute any videos uploaded in DrexelOne’s Kaltura to Bb Learn in much the same way as uploading directly to Bb Learn (just don’t create a new video, select from available)."
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Drexel CCI Zoom Virtual Background
See Drexel Zoom Virtual Background"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Editing Echo360 Class Recordings
If you now set Echo360 class capture recording that is still processing to be unavailable, it will be unavailable still when it finishes processing.
First, click the Class Capture link in your course, and enter the Echo360 page in your course. If you have never done this before, see Echo360 First Use in Bb Learn.
Then, you may wish to make the recording unavailable. If so, see the following link.
https://learn.echo360.com/hc/en-us/articles/360035406771-Making-Content-Available-or-Unavailable-to-Students
To edit the recording, see the following link.
https://learn.echo360.com/hc/en-us/articles/360035035812-Editing-Videos
""If you are an Instructor, you can select to edit videos from Content home page or from the Class List page. The instructions below access the editor from the content details page."""
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Zoom System Requirements, plus What If No Webcam or Microphone
System Requirements
Zoom works on Windows, Mac, iPad/iPadOS, iPhone/iOS, Amazon Fire OS, ChromeOS, and Linux
Here are the minimum system requirements
https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us/articles/201362023-System-Requirements-for-PC-Mac-and-Linux
If No Webcam or Microphone
If you do not have a USB webcam, here are some other options.

Students can use a cellphones or tablets. Or buy a cheap Android phone or Amazon Fire Tablet.
Zoom says it works on:
Android, iOS, iPadOS, ChromeOS, Amazon Fire OS, Windows, Mac, Linux (Ubuntu, Debian, Mint and more).
And we've personally tested:
Windows, Mac, Android, iOS, iPadOS, ChromeOS, and Amazon Fire OS.
All work fine. All support Zoom.
All could be used to provide a webcam in addition
You can be in a Zoom meeting with 2 devices at the same time.
BUT you should *ONLY CONNECT AUDIO ON ONE*.
For things to prop up your cellphone or tablet on the cheap,
check out Wire Book Displays.
Or  just prop your device up with books or something.
Using Zoom on Mobile Devices
Zoom -- Use on Android and iPad, iPhone, or iOS"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Zoom -- Advanced Instructions
Help Center
https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us
Video Tutorials
https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us/articles/206618765-Zoom-Video-Tutorials
Meeting ID and Meeting Quality Stats during Meeting
Zoom -- Get Meeting ID and Meeting Quality Stats during Meeting
 Multiple Presenters on Multiple Computers in Same Room
Zoom -- Multiple Presenters on Multiple Computers in the Same Room
Connect Microphone and Video Camera by USB or CCI Classroom
Zoom -- Connecting to Microphone and Video Camera by USB or in the CCI Classroom
Linux Use
https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us/articles/204206269-Installing-Zoom-on-Linux
Our support for Zoom on Linux is limited to Ubuntu.
Outlook Plugin or Add-in for Zoom
Zoom -- Outlook Plug-in or Add-in for Zoom
Virtual Walk In Hours or Zoom Link Publicly Posted
Zoom -- Tips for Virtual Walk-In Meetings or if Zoom Link on Public Website
Non-Drexel People Can Get Free Zoom Account
Non-Drexel people do *NOT* need to sign in to join a Zoom meeting usually. They just need a Zoom meeting link or ID.
They can do this to try out Zoom before a real meeting.
Visit https://zoom.us
Drexel students, staff, and faculty should *NOT* do this.
Register for a free Zoom account.
Host a meeting yourself.
Interfaces for free and Pro Zoom accounts are identical.
If you need additional help with this, see the following webpage.
Zoom -- Set-up a Free Zoom Account
Need to Sign Out, Drexel CCI Users?
Closing your internet browser will sign you out, of course.
Click the ""Drexel University"" logo in the upper left in the Zoom webpage.

Click ""Sign In Standard.""

Click ""SIGN OUT"" in the upper right.

Additional Helpful Info -- Drexel VCAP's page on Zoom
https://drexel0.sharepoint.com/sites/IT-VCaPBlog/SitePages/Zoom.aspx
Polling
Polling
Zoom Webinars 
Webinars for Large Virtual Meetings or Talks or Lectures"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
ActivePresenter Screen Recorder
Introduction and Download
Introduction
""ActivePresenter"" is screen recording software that is free for personal and non-commercial use. (There are versions that cost money as well.) With it, you can record video of anything on your computer display's desktop, record audio from a built-in or connected microphone, and record video from a built-in or connected webcam.
There is no time limit on recordings, but the longer and more involved the recording, the more storage space the recording will take up on your computer or wherever you choose to store it.
Download
Install ""ActivePresenter"" free edition from the webpage below.
https://atomisystems.com/activepresenter/free-edition/
Instructions
Written Instructions
https://atomisystems.com/tutorials/ap7/start-and-stop-recording-activepresenter-7/
Screen Recorder - Video Instructions
https://1513041.mediaspace.kaltura.com/media/Active+Presenter+1st+Video+-+Video+Screen+Recorder/1_ogrdav1u
Video Editor - Video Instructions
https://1513041.mediaspace.kaltura.com/media/Active+Presenter+2nd+Video+-+Video+Editor/1_7u51cl9i
Software Simulation Recorder - Video Instructions
Not recommended unless you are doing little to no editing of the video.
https://1513041.mediaspace.kaltura.com/media/Active+Presenter+3rd+Video+-+Software+Simulation+Recording/1_vgsde4h4
Alternate Video Instructions
Alternate option: https://atomisystems.com/demo/start-recording-session/
The video is older, but you can record from your webcam too.
IMPORTANT INFO
To remove annotations on videos or slides about where you clicked:
Click ActivePresenter > Project > Batch Operations > Delete Objects.
Select All under ""Annotations, Interactions, Messages.
Deselect ""Image"" and ""Video"" and ""Audio"" under ""Annotations,"" and click OK.
To record computer audio, see the following:
https://atomisystems.com/tutorials/recording-system-sound-mac-os-x/
Basically, you install another app called ""Background Music"" or ""Sound Flower,"" which provides greater control of audio on your Mac.
Not seeing Active Presenter appear?
Click an empty spot on your desktop, then try re-opening the ActivePresenter application, or selecting it if open on your Dock toolbar at the bottom of the screen.
Additional Help
See the following webpage for help with simultaneous webcam and video display instructions:
https://atomisystems.com/tutorials/ap7/recording-webcam-activepresenter-7/
Alternative Written Step-by-Step Instructions
Open ""ActivePresenter.""
Click ""New Capture.""
Enter a ""Name"" for the project.
To find exported videos later, note the location where this project is on your computer in the ""Save in"" field. -- Click ""Browse"" to change.
Select ""Record Movie/Streaming Video."" -- If you want both slides and a video created, select ""Smart Capture With Auto FMR.""
Choose ""Full Screen"" or a ""Custom"" section of your computer display.
Under ""Audio Input,"" choose the ""Device"" or microphone that will pick up the audio.
Make sure the green level indicator moves as you speak. -- If it still does not work, choose another ""Device"" under ""Audio Input.""
Then click the big red circle to start the screen recording.
  (a) First-time Mac users ONLY: When used for first time on a Mac, you'll be prompted to adjust the ""Accessibility"" section under System Preferences >  Security & Privacy > Privacy to allow ""Active Presenter"" to control your computer. It's safe to do this. You may need to click the lock icon and enter your Mac's password on the ""Security & Privacy"" windows to check the box next to ""ActivePresenter."" Click the lock again to lock the settings. Then close the ""Security & Privacy"" window.
To start/stop the recording, click the ""ActivePresenter"" icon, and choose the appropriate option.
  (a) On a Mac, the ""ActivePresenter"" icon is at the top of your computer display.
  (b) In Windows, the ""ActivePresenter"" icon is in the lower right of the computer display. -- You may need to click the ^ to see this icon.
Stop the recording when finished making your screen recording. -- Or stop if you run into technical issues.
Click the ""EXPORT"" tab at the top of the ""ActivePresenter"" window.
Click ""Video.""
Choose ""MP4"" for format.
Choose where to save the video by clicking ""Browse.""
Click ""OK.""
If you made slides too in ActivePresenter with your video, to export the slides:
  (a) Click the ""EXPORT"" tab at the top of the ""ActivePresenter"" window.
  (b) Click ""Microsoft PowerPoint"" or ""Adobe PDF.""
  (c) Check the ""Output File"" field to see where the slides will end up.
  (d) Click ""Browse"" to change this location.
  (e) Click ""Yes"" if you want to view the ""Output"" now.
Optional Advanced Instructions
Record Audio from Microphone and System Audio
https://atomisystems.com/demo/recording-audio-microphone-system-audio/
Add Comments to Video
https://atomisystems.com/demo/adding-comment-video/
Editing the Video
https://atomisystems.com/demo/editing-recorded-video/
Other Demo Videos
https://atomisystems.com/demo/page/2/
Adding Video and Audio Files to Bb Learn -- Instructors Only
Instructors and course assistants can add video or audio to Bb Learn. See the webpage below for instructions.
Adding Media to Bb Learn via Kaltura or Drexel Streams
Captioning and Transcripts
Providing captioning for videos you create is highly recommended.
See Captions."
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Zoom -- Frequently Asked Questions
See https://drexel.edu/it/help/a-z/zoom/zoomfaq/ for FAQs for Drexel Zoom."
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Zoom -- Recording -- Share or Download from Zoom or Kaltura Drexel Streams
Quick Instructions
You can just record yourself in a Zoom meeting your schedule.
Or you can record a meeting with others, if you are doing group work.
Do a 30-second test recording first.
Make sure your mic is picking up sound in the recording.
Make sure you screenshare if you need to demonstrate something on your computer.
Turn on your webcam in Zoom if you need to record yourself.
Below is how to enable/use the cloud/online recording option in Zoom.
https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us/articles/203741855-Cloud-recording
Record to the Cloud (Online) in Zoom
Personal Meeting Room recordings may NOT be automatically uploaded to Drexel Streams (Kaltura).
In that case, see the ""Download Recording in Zoom"" section below.
When you record a Zoom meeting, you have 2 options.
""Record to the computer""
""Record to the cloud""
We recommend ""Record to the Cloud.""
Drexel Zoom Pro recordings made to the cloud are backed up to Drexel Streams (Kaltura).
And the recordings are more easily accessible and less likely to be lost in the cloud.
We'll cover how to find/obtain either option here.
Do NOT edit recordings in Zoom.
They are not real edits.
When you download from Zoom, your unedited video will be downloaded, not your edited video.
Find Recordings in Zoom
Visit https://drexel.zoom.us in a web browser.
(Google Chrome, Mozilla Firefox, Microsoft Edge, Apple Safari, etc.)
Sign in on the Drexel Connect screen (if prompted).
Approve MFA if prompted.
Click ""Recordings"" in left nav.
If you recorded to your computer:
The Local Recordings tabs you what computer name and folder path to find where the recording was saved.
If you moved the recording on that computer later on, then this info may not be accurate.
If you're not sure of your computer's name, check each of the computer's you use.
If you record to the cloud:
The Cloud Recordings tab will list your recordings in the Zoom's cloud storage system.
Recordings to Cloud for Drexel Zoom are kept for 126 days in the Zoom cloud. Then deleted.
Recordings to Cloud for Drexel Zoom are also automatically backed up to Drexel Streams (Kaltura).
The Drexel Streams (Kaltura) copy remains indefinitely.
Share or Download Recordings
You can Share or Download these recordings in a few ways.
Download from Zoom
Share from Drexel Streams (Kaltura)
Download from Drexel Streams (Kaltura) is Complicated
We'll cover each in turn below.
Download Recording in Zoom
https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us/articles/205347605-Managing-and-sharing-cloud-recordings
Downloading is highly recommended from Zoom.
Sharing from Zoom is NOT recommended.
See next section: ""Share from Drexel Streams (Kaltura)""
Editing in Zoom is NOT recommended. 
Once a video is uploaded to Kaltura or Drexel Streams, you can easily add it to Bb Learn.
See Adding Media to Bb Learn via Kaltura or Drexel Streams
Or again, see next section: ""Share from Drexel Streams (Kaltura)""
See section on OpenShot, Camtasia, and other options below.
Share from Drexel Streams (Kaltura)
Sharing Kaltura Audio or Video with Non-Drexel Users or Anyone
Download from Drexel Streams (Kaltura) is Complicated
Notes
Downloading Drexel Streams or Kaltura video is NOT necessary, generally, if you record to cloud (except for Personal Meetings).
You can play Drexel Streams or Kaltura videos fine in your web browser.
If you are not the creator/owner of the video, downloading a video is complicated.
Downloading video is not necessary for submitting assignments, generally.
Few instructors need it. A few may want it, and will tell you that, but very, very, very few will actually need it.
Recordings cannot be downloaded from an embedded player window in Bb Learn.
Links to the video on the Drexel Streams website can allow downloads.
More information at link below.
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Allow Downloads"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Turning Downloads Off for your Class
Introduction
Instructors have the option of preventing students from downloading Echo360 recordings of classes.
This will also prevent instructors from being able to download Echo360 recordings.
If an echo360 Class Capture Area is in Your Bb Learn Course Shell
If the left-hand course menu in your Bb Learn course shell does has a ""echo Class Capture"" link, then do the following:
Follow the normal procedure to get to your class's Echo360 recordings.
If don't know how to do this, or run into any trouble, see the following webpage.
echo360 -- First Use in Bb Learn
On ""DASHBOARD"" page, find the class for which you want to shut off downloads, and click the ""ALL CLASSES"" button in that class's row/section.
Hover over the class, and the ""ALL CLASSES"" button will no longer be grayed out.
Click ""Settings.""
Click ""Features.""
Uncheck the box for ""CONTENT DOWNLOADS.""
Click ""OK"" in the pop-up window.
If No echo360 Class Capture Area is in Your Bb Learn Course Shell
If the left-hand course menu in your Bb Learn course shell does *not* have a ""echo Class Capture"" link, then do the following:
Login to https://echo360.org in a new internet browser tab or window.
Your login email address is going to be your long form Drexel email address.
For example: Mike Galloway's long form Drexel email address is michael.j.galloway@drexel.edu.
Your password is going to be your Bb Learn or DrexelOne password, unless you changed it in Echo360
If you forgot your password, or have password problems, click the ""Forgot your password?"" link on the https://echo360.org webpage.
If you do not know your long form Drexel email address, here's how to find it.
Login to Bb Learn at http://learn.drexel.edu using your DrexelOne username and password.
Click your name in the upper right corner of the Bb Learn webpage.
Click ""Settings.""
Click ""Personal Information.""
Click ""Edit Personal Information.""
Copy your email address.
Note that you cannot change your email address or password in Bb Learn.
Click ""Cancel.""
On ""DASHBOARD"" page, find the class for which you want to shut off downloads, and click the ""ALL CLASSES"" button in that class's row/section.
Hover over the class, and the ""ALL CLASSES"" button will no longer be grayed out.
Click ""Settings.""
Click ""Features.""
Uncheck the box for ""CONTENT DOWNLOADS.""
Click ""OK"" in the pop-up window."
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Printing at CCI Commons -- MacOS
MacOS Instructions
Go to apple icon > ""System Preferences"" > ""Printers & Scanners.""
Click the + in the lower right hand corner to start adding the CCI Commons printer(s).


Now make sure you are on the network ""globe"" icon at the top in order to add the printer through hostname/IP address.


After that, you will need to type in either CCICommonsPrint.cci.drexel.edu ---or--- CCICommonsPrint2.cci.drexel.edu

Once you are done typing in that address, you can click the ""Add"" button. You do not need to change any other settings on this screen.

On the next screen, make sure to check the box for ""Duplex Printing Unit.""


After you hit ""Ok"" you can rename the printer by right clicking on the column. Type in whatever you want to name it, but the recommended name is:


If you want to add the other secondary printer, the process is the same, but the hostname is CCICommonsPrint2.cci.drexel.edu

You are all set for Mac printing!
Troubleshooting
For single and double-sided instructions look at Printing Single and Double-sided in browser
If you have any further questions, feel free to ask at the CCI Commons Helpdesk & a Student Assistant will be happy to help you get the printer added to your laptop.
Also, questions can be emailed to ihelp@drexel.edu, if you are a CCI student, staff, or faculty member."
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Zoom -- How to join a meeting and Share your screen with Video instructions
Video Instructions
https://youtu.be/hIkCmbvAHQQ
Written Instructions
Click on a Join meeting link that you received in the email.
This will open a new tab in your browser.
Zoom meeting links will look like this:
""https://drexel.zoom.us/j/87*******84""
or
""https://us04web.zoom.us/j/76***51?pwd=a0***9""

Click on ""Launch Meeting"".


Click on ""Allow.""
It will automatically open zoom application for you and you'll be in the meeting.


If you get ""Invalid meeting ID"" error,
then it means that the link that you received has
the wrong meeting ID,
or the host of the meeting has already ended meeting for all.
In this case, please reach out to meeting host,
and ask for meeting link again,
or ask host to schedule/make a zoom meeting.
How to Share your Screen - Written
Click the green ""Share Screen"" button on the meeting menu bar

     

or...
Type ""Alt + Shift + S"" (on Windows).
or...
Type ""Command(⌘) + Shift(⇧) + S"" (on Mac).

When the share window appears,
select the source you wish to share,
and then click ""Share"" button from the bottom right.


How to Share your Screen -Video
https://youtu.be/YA6SGQlVmcA"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Zoom -- Audio Issues and Joining by Telephone
Change Windows 10 Speaker Output or Audio Output
Click speaker icon.
Then click ^ icon to choose a different speaker.

Select a speaker option.


Change Zoom Audio Settings Outside of a Meeting
(Windows) Click Start menu & open Zoom app.
(Mac) Press Cmd + spacebar & search for Zoom.

Click your avatar or initials icon & click Settings.|

Click Speaker option, and then Test Speaker.

Click Microphone option, and then Test Microphone.

May want to check video options too.

Quick Fix During a Meeting
No one can hear you? And you are in a Zoom meeting.
Or they can hear you, but you can’t hear them?
Try this.
Make sure you have chosen your headphones, speaker, or microphone.
Follow the number order in screenshot below.
For below, speaker = headphones if you are using headphones.

Still Issues?
Uncheck automatically adjust volume to raise microphone level.
Click “Audio Settings” & *raise* the speaker/headphone volume or microphone volume.
Or click “Switch to Phone Audio” in the screenshot above.
Test and Change Computer Audio Settings
https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us/articles/201362283-Testing-computer-or-device-audio
Join by Telephone
https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us/articles/201362663-Joining-a-meeting-by-phone#h_e4f1ac0b-7a0c-4b14-976e-ccec6ad484b2
Telephone-Only Conference Call?
Schedule a Zoom meeting.
But only share 1 or 2 of the Zoom meeting phone numbers, plus the Meeting ID.
See Zoom -- Scheduling
Phone number & Meeting ID are in the email or calendar invite.
International calls will cost money. International participants should attend by computer only to avoid charges.
Low Volume or Hard-to-Hear Audio?
If you are having trouble hearing a professor due to low audio, or bad audio, one possible work-around solution to try is to download/install the Chrome web browser and install the ""Volume Master"" extension from the Chrome Web Store at the link below.
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/volume-master/jghecgabfgfdldnmbfkhmffcabddioke
We cannot find a similar link for Firefox as of yet. The above link has a good chance of working for other Chrome-based web browsers, such as the new Microsoft Edge and the Brave web browser, as well, which may be less resource intensive on your computer."
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Zoom -- Get Meeting ID and Quality Stats during Meeting
If you need the Meeting ID during a Zoom meeting, click the ""Shield"" icon.

After you click the ""Shield"" icon, you'll see the Meeting ID & Meeting link.
Anyone with the Meeting ID can click ""Join Meeting"" in the Zoom application on Mac, Windows, or a mobile device, and enter the ID, and join Zoom meeting.

After you click the green ""Shield"" icon, you can see stats on the current meeting's use of resources and audio and video use."
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
echo360 -- Turning Downloads Off for your Class
Introduction
Instructors have the option of preventing students from downloading Echo360 recordings of classes.
This will also prevent instructors from being able to download Echo360 recordings.
If an echo360 Class Capture Area is in Your Bb Learn Course Shell
If the left-hand course menu in your Bb Learn course shell does has a ""echo Class Capture"" link, then do the following:
     1. Follow the normal procedure to get to your class's Echo360 recordings.
          (a) If don't know how to do this, or run into any trouble, see the following webpage.
               i. echo360 -- First Use in Bb Learn
     2. On ""DASHBOARD"" page, find the class for which you want to shut off downloads, and click the ""ALL CLASSES"" button in that class's row/section.
          (a) Hover over the class, and the ""ALL CLASSES"" button will no longer be grayed out.
     3. Click ""Settings.""
     4. Click ""Features.""
     5. Uncheck the box for ""CONTENT DOWNLOADS.""
     6. Click ""OK"" in the pop-up window.
If No echo360 Class Capture Area is in Your Bb Learn Course Shell
If the left-hand course menu in your Bb Learn course shell does *not* have a ""echo Class Capture"" link, then do the following:
     1. Login to https://echo360.org in a new internet browser tab or window.
          (a) Your login email address is going to be your long form Drexel email address.
               i. For example: Mike Galloway's long form Drexel email address is michael.j.galloway@drexel.edu.
          (b) Your password is going to be your Bb Learn or DrexelOne password, unless you changed it in Echo360
               i. If you forgot your password, or have password problems, click the ""Forgot your password?"" link on the https://echo360.org webpage.
          (c) 
If you do not know your long form Drexel email address, here's how to find it.
               i. Login to Bb Learn at http://learn.drexel.edu using your DrexelOne username and password.
               ii. Click your name in the upper right corner of the Bb Learn webpage.
               iii. Click ""Settings.""
               iv. Click ""Personal Information.""
               v. Click ""Edit Personal Information.""
               vi. 
Copy your email address.
                    1. Note that you cannot change your email address or password in Bb Learn.
               vii. Click ""Cancel.""
     2. On ""DASHBOARD"" page, find the class for which you want to shut off downloads, and click the ""ALL CLASSES"" button in that class's row/section.
          (a) Hover over the class, and the ""ALL CLASSES"" button will no longer be grayed out.
     3. Click ""Settings.""
     4. Click ""Features.""
     5. Uncheck the box for ""CONTENT DOWNLOADS.""
     6. Click ""OK"" in the pop-up window."
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Zoom -- Closed Captioning and Removing TimeStamps
Introduction
Zoom provides captioning the form of a .vtt file if you record the Zoom meeting (at least for a cloud recording). A .vtt file is a time-stamped plain text file. A plain text file is a file that only has text (letters, numbers, special characters, white space) but no images, gifs, bold, italics, lines, graphics, colors, etc.
But because it is just text, there are good plain text editor programs that let you use something called regular expressions in order to do things like you ask, like removing time stamps.
Sample Zoom VTT Captions FileMac Instructions
On Mac, download a program called BBEdit.
https://www.barebones.com/products/bbedit/download.html
In Bb Edit, click “Search” > “Find”. In the “Find” box, copy from the following, and paste into that box.
Mac regular expression
(WEBVTT)*\n\n\d+\n\d\d:\d\d:\d\d\.\d\d\d --> \d\d:\d\d:\d\d\.\d\d\d\n\w+\s*\w*\s*\w+:
Note: There is an empty space (1 press of the spacebar on your keyboard) right after the \w+: at the end of the line above. Be sure to include that empty space.
In the “Replace” box, click your mouse cursor into the box, and press the spacebar once so there is 1 empty space in the box.
Make sure the “GREP” box is checked.
Click “Replace All.”
Click “View” > “Text Display” > “Soft Wrap”, if you don’t see all the text going down the page.
Select all, and copy/paste the text, now without timestamps, in a Word document
Windows Instructions
On a Windows 10 PC, download a program called Notepad++.
https://notepad-plus-plus.org/downloads/
In Notepadd++, click “Search” > “Find”. Click the “Replace” tab.
In the “Find what” box, copy from the following, and paste into that box.
Windows regular expression
(WEBVTT)*\n\n\d+\n\d\d:\d\d:\d\d\.\d\d\d --> \d\d:\d\d:\d\d\.\d\d\d\n\w+\s*\w*\s*\w+:
Note: There is an empty space (1 press of the spacebar on your keyboard) right after the \w+: at the end of the line above. Be sure to include that empty space.
In the “Replace with” box, click your mouse cursor into the box, and press the spacebar once so there is 1 empty space in the box.
Make sure the “Regular expression” box is checked.
Click “Replace All.”
Click “View” and make sure “Word Wrap” has a check next to it. If not, select “Word Wrap.” That will make all the text appear going down the page.
Select all, and copy/paste the text, now without timestamps, in a Word document."
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Zoom Virtual Walk-In Meetings or Public Links
Be VERY familiar with the contents of the following webpage.
Zoom -- Managing Users, Privacy, and Security Measures

Consider using a Zoom Webinar if hosting large event with 50 or more people.

Email ihelp@drexel.edu to get help setting up a Zoom webinar.
We will work with DU IT's Zoom Admins to get this set up for you.
Let us reach out, as we need to know in case tech support is needed, what the meeting link is

Here are differences between Zoom webinar and a normal meeting.
https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us/articles/115005474943-Meeting-and-webinar-comparison

See wepbage below for more info.
Webinars for Large Virtual Meetings or Talks or Lectures

For walk-ins, schedule a Zoom meeting that reoccurs with No Fixed Time.

Do not use Personal Meeting ID Zoom meetings for any large meetings, or if you publicly post your Zoom meeting link.

Enter as Host or Co-Host.
So you can remove, mute, or manage participants.

Use the Waiting Room feature.
Pick & choose 1-4 or more specific people at a time to enter the meeting.
Move people back to waiting room at any time.
Waiting Room to Manage Office Hours Attendance
Know how to remove participants completely from a Zoom meeting.
https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us/articles/115005759423-Managing-participants-in-a-meeting
“Lock the Zoom Meeting” after meeting starts. Unlock when finished.

Zoom -- Managing Users, Privacy, and Security Measures
Scroll down to ""Lock the Zoom Meeting"" section.

Make the following changes to individual scheduled Zoom meetings.
Login to https://drexel.zoom.us
Click ""Meetings.""
Click the meeting.
Scroll down and click “Edit this Meeting.”
Scroll down to and disable ""Only authenticated users can join meetings.""
Disable “Only authenticated users can join meetings from Web client.""
Click “Save” to save changes.
You won’t be able to have any non-Drexel people otherwise.
When you or someone else posts the Zoom hyperlink
or web link in social media or a public website,
try to make sure the text of the hyperlink or link is a real word or phrase, such as
Virtual Walk-In Hours (just an example)
or the like,
and not something with the actual Zoom URL, such as
https://drexel.zoom.us/meeting/9999999999 (just an example)

If not possible, disregard this, but this can help.
While it’s a minor hurdle to any black hat hacker who actually knows what they are doing,
most will take the path of least resitance.
Also, the bots used to search for Zoom links in public spots often only looks for text rather than links."
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Zoom -- Mute or Unmute All, Manage Large Classes or Events
Note
Hosts can click “Mute All” at bottom of participants panel in Zoom.
Mute All
Click “Participants” or ""Manage Participants"" to open “Participants” panel.
Click ""Mute All"" at bottom of ""Participants Panel.""
Let participants unmute themselves?
For large meetings:
Recommend unchecking ""All participants can unmute themselves"" checkbox.

For small meetings:
Recommend checking ""All participants can unmute themselves"" checkbox.
Click ""Continue.""
Unmute All
Click “Participants” or ""Manage Participants"" to open “Participants” panel.
Click ""Unmute All"" at bottom of ""Participants Panel.""
Click ""Continue.""
Tips for Managing Large Classes or Groups
When you mute everybody, you can uncheck a box to forbid students/participants to unmute themselves.
Let students know in each class by typing in the chat that you muted everyone
and that they cannot unmute themselves (until you ask for questions).
You can unmute all to allow students to ask questions when you are at a question time.
Or you can selectively unmute students in the Participants panel
who indicate in the chat that they have a question that needs a microphone.

Click Participants and Chat to open those panels when you are ready to take questions,
ask students to post in chat if they have a question
Verbally respond to short questions asked in the chat.
And unmute students who say they have a longer questions.
And just verbally guide students when it’s the question period.
Ask “Who has a question?
Ask short questions in chat,
or say in chat: ""If you want to take the mic, speak up in chat, and I’ll unmute you.”
If someone complains, mention that online meetings often end up with someone typing on a keyboard
or having sounds in the background that everyone in the meeting can hear
and is very distracting for anyone else listening in.
And it's hard to find the specific person,
and they sometimes take a long time to mute themselves,
and it disrupts the class further to ask and wait for someone to mute themselves.
So muting everyone is a way to quickly deal with that.
Rephrase the above as you wish, of course.
Additional Instructions
https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us/articles/203435537-Mute-All-And-Unmute-All"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
echo360 -- Troubleshooting a Flashing Video Feed
Rush 209 is infamous for intermittently developing an issue where either the computer display video feed or the room video feed in echo360 live broadcasts and recordings flashes (turns off and on).
Usually, only video one feed does this at a time.
We've never figured out a long term solution, but doing the following seems to solve the issue for awhile.
First, try rebooting the echo360 device, if possible. Then do the following. The podium key is needed to do this.
For how to reboot an echo360 device, see the following webpage.
echo360 -- Rebooting echo360 Devices in CCI Classrooms
If rebooting does not work, then do the following:
Get the podium key.
Open up the back of the podium in the CCI classroom.
SC 326 has a small server rack in an equipment room outside the classroom.
Look for the echo360 device.
   (a) The words ""echo360"" are on the back and front of the device.
Look for two cords going into two video input ports on the Echo360 device.
   (a) One is labeled ""Primary Display/Secondary Video""; the other, ""Primary Video/Secondary Display.""
         Below are the two video inputs ports.

         

         

Unplug the video cords and plug them into the opposite video input ports.
   (a) The cord that was plugged into ""Primary Display/Secondary Video"" should now be plugged into ""Primary Video/Secondary Display,"" and vice-versa.
See if that resolves the issue.
   (a) Ask the instructor to check with the students watching the live broadcast.
   (b) Or ask the CO-OP, or someone with admin echo360 access. to check the live broadcast, or make a test live echo360 broadcast and/or recording.
If the issue is resolved:
   (a) Close up and lock the back of the podium.
   (b) Put the podium key back where it belongs.
If the issue is not resolved:
   (a) If you don't know, ask instructor or CO-OP or someone if students are having problems with the computer display video feed or room video feed.
   (b) If students are having problems with the computer display feed:
            i.    Switch the video input cords again, and make sure the students are getting computer display feed without flashing.
            ii.   If you cannot get the computer display feed to work after switching back, or if both feeds are having a problem, reboot the echo360 device.
                     1.  For how to reboot an echo360 device, see the following webpage.
                             (a) echo360 -- Rebooting echo360 Devices in CCI Classrooms
            iii.  Wait 5-10 minutes for the echo360 device to fully boot up again.
   (c) Tell the instructor that there's nothing else you know to do to resolve the issue, and that you'll have to elevate it to the CO-OP or full time CCI technical staff.
            i.   If live feed is needed, ask the instructor if they want to use the Blackboard Ultra virtual conferencing tool through Bb Learn. Instructions for this are at the webpage below if they do.
                    1.  Bb Collaborate Ultra
https://docs.cci.drexel.edu/display/CD/Bb+Collaborate+Ultra
Close up and lock the back of the podium when finished.
Put the podium key back where it belongs.
Report the issue in a HelpDesk ticket, and if possible, directly to the CO-OP."
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Zoom -- Record without Participant or Student Names
You can disable participants’ names & thumbnail video
if/when they share their screen or talk in Zoom cloud recordings
by doing the following.
Thumbnail video = minimized video showing participant sharing video.
*2* helpful screenshots beneath instructions below.
Here are the Instructions.
Visit https://drexel.zoom.us , and login.
Click “Settings” in left navigation.
Click “Recording” tab.
Under “Cloud Recording” & “Advanced cloud recording settings,”
uncheck “Display participants’ names in the recording.”
And uncheck “Record thumbnails when sharing.”
We also recommend to…

Uncheck “Record gallery view with shared screen.”

Uncheck “Gallery view”
under the checked “Record active speaker, gallery view, and shard screen separately.”

Scroll down & click “Save.”
Screenshot #1 of 2


Screenshot #2 of 2"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
echo360 -- Accessing Lecture Recordings Outside of Bb Learn -- Instructors Only
Login to echo360 at https://echo360.org using your long form Drexel email address and your DrexelOne or Bb Learn password.
   (a) You will likely be provided your long form email address if these instructions are shared with you.
   (b) If you have login issues, click the link below for help.
            i.    Your login email address is going to be your long form Drexel email address.
                     1.  For example: Mike Galloway's long form Drexel email address is michael.j.galloway@drexel.edu. Yours may not include the middle initial and may include numbers.
            ii.   Your password is going to be your Bb Learn or DrexelOne password, unless you changed it in echo360
                     1.  If you forgot your password, or have password problems, click the ""Forgot your password?"" link on the https://echo360.org webpage.
            iii.  If you do not know your long form Drexel email address, here's how to find it.
                     1.  Method 1: Visit the Drexel Directory webpage below, and look your long form Drexel email address up using your name in last name, first name format for the search terms.
                             (a)  http://drexel.edu/about/contact/
                     2.  Method 2:
                             (a)  Login to Bb Learn at http://learn.drexel.edu using your DrexelOne username and password.
                             (b)  Click your name in the upper right corner of the Bb Learn webpage.
                             (c)  Click ""Settings, then ""Personal Information,"" then ""Edit Personal Information."" Copy your long form Drexel email address. Click ""Cancel.""
                             (d)  Note that you cannot change your email address or password in Bb Learn.

Click your name or email address in the upper right of the echo360 webpage.
Make sure the word ""Instructor"" appears over the ""Change"" web link in the pop-up window.
   (a) If you do not see the word ""Instructor,"" click ""Change,"" click the 2nd drop-down menu, select ""Instructor,"" and click ""OK.""
            i.    Make sure the word ""Instructor"" appears over the ""Change"" web link in the pop-up window.
                 

            ii.   If you do not see the word ""Instructor,"" click ""Change.""
                   

            iii.  Click the 2nd drop-down menu, select ""Instructor,"" and click ""OK.""
                   Click ""DASHBOARD"" at the top left.

Click the ""Term"" drop-down menu, and select the appropriate term.

Click ""ALL CLASSES"" in the same row/area for whichever class's recordings you want to watch.

Click the date of the recording.

Click to allow/activate/run flash or other plugins (if prompted).

Close the ""Notes"" panel by clicking the X in the upper right.
If either the video or computer display video feeds are taking up the whole webpage, and you want a larger view of the other video feed, click the other video feed in the lower right-hand corner.
Computer display video feed is enlarged in screenshot below. In echo360, click the room video feed in lower-right hand corner to switch to that feed.

Room video feed is enlarged in screenshot below. In echo360, click the computer display video feed in lower-right hand corner to switch to that feed.

To exit the recording when finished:
   (a) Move mouse over the recording video window. Click menu icon in upper left. Click ""Exit Classroom.""
To log out of echo360:
   (a) Click your name in upper right. Click ""LOGOUT."""
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
echo360 -- Troubleshooting
echo360 -- Troubleshooting a Flashing Video Feed
echo360 -- Troubleshooting Live Broadcast Issues
echo360 -- Troubleshooting on a mobile device
echo360 -- Troubleshooting Recording Playback Issues"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Troubleshooting Gather.Town
Use Google Chrome
Google Chrome is most supported web browser for Gather.Town.
Choose Different Mic or Speaker or Camera
Click Settings gear (left panel).
Click User.
Choose different inputs for microphone, speaker, or camera.
Reset Position
Can solve issues where you do not see what others see or cannot find everyone, especially if you revisit a Gather.Town space.
Click name at bottom.
Click Reset Position.
Respawn (and then Reload)
Can solve issues where you do not see what others see or cannot find everyone, especially if you revisit a Gather.Town space.
Click Settings gear (left panel).
Click User.
Scroll down.
Click respawn.
Still issues? Reload webpage.
Respawn Screenshot 1

Respawn Screenshot 2"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Zoom -- Virtual Backgrounds
Introduction
You can use an image or movie in place of what is normally showing behind you when you share video in Zoom.
You do NOT need a green screen, but you can use one, or use any solid color material behind you, if you wish.
How to Add a Zoom Virtual Background -- in 5 Steps
Open the Zoom app on your computer.
a. Mac: Open a Finder window and click Applications folder, and look there. Or do a Spotlight Search using the Command and spacebar key combination (or Cmd and spacebar key combination, or ⌘ and spacebar key combination).
b. Windows: Go to Start menu or Windows menu, and search for Zoom, or look under Z in the list of all Applications or Programs.
Only if you are asked to sign in: click ""Sign in with SSO"" or ""SSO Sign in with SSO, & then type in ""drexel"" (no quotes) next to "".zoom.us"" and ""Continue,"" and click in your web browser to ""Open zoom.us"" or ""Open Zoom,"" and then login on the Drexel Connect webpage with Drexel userid and password.Click your initials (or avatar image) in upper right & then click ""Settings.""
If you want to add your own Virtual Background, click the + sign, and then ""Add Image"" and ""Add Video,"" and upload your image or video (see More Tips below).
If you want to choose from the pre-existing Virtual Backgrounds, or from one you already loaded, choose one of the images under ""Choose Virtual Background.""
         
Once you choose a Virtual Background, it will instantly appear as soon as you show video of yourself in a Zoom meeting, or instantly if you are showing video of yourself.
You can close the ""Settings"" window now.
Change or Disable Virtual Background in a Zoom Meeting
Follow the steps indicated in screenshot below.
Then click ""None"" for no background. Or choose one of your other Zoom Virtual Backgrounds.
              
More Tips
""Mirror my video"" checkbox (shown above) can help make text that reads backwards read correctly, but check with someone in a Zoom meeting for how the text reads.
Images should be 16:9 aspect ratio and 1280 x 720. PNG or JPG images work fine. Or just try it out (unless it's a really, really big file). 
Videos should be MP4 or MOV with a minimum resolution 360p (480 x 360 pixels) & maximum resolution of 1080p (1920 by 1080 pixels). Or just try it out (unless it's a really, really big file). 
If you use your background image or movie with a very large meeting or that is open to the public, be sure you have the rights to use the image. 
If you use a green screen or other solid-color backdrop use (not required):
Your clothing should not be the same color as your green screen or other solid-color backdrop.
You also may not get much added benefit from flattening or straightening out or smoothing out any green screen or other solid-color backdrop, but feel free to try.
To enable use in Zoom of green screen or other solid-color backdrop, follow steps below.
Not shown: After doing steps below, your mouse pointer becomes a plus sign (cross hairs, really), and you can click the color in your video you want to use as your green screen or solid-color backdrop color.
         

Drexel CCI Zoom Background:
If you would like to use the Drexel CCI Zoom background, it can be found here
Go to the following link: https://drexel.edu/cci/about/cci-community-resources/
Scroll down to ""For CCI Faculty and Professional Staff""
Open the third link labeled ""Drexel CCI Zoom background"" and download the image.
Follow the steps at the top of this page to set your Zoom background.
Note: This is a sample image. Follow the instructions above to download the full size image."
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Zoom -- Hosting a Drexel Zoom Meeting
Be Familiar with Joining a Zoom Meeting
Click link below if you need to get familiar with joining a Zoom meeting.
Zoom -- Joining a Zoom Meeting -- INCLUDE
Video Overview
https://1513041.mediaspace.kaltura.com/media/Zoom+Overview+for+TA%27s+and+Instructors+-+September+2020+PUBLIC/1_9wpezg2v
Hosting -- Specific Topics
You only need to sign in as a Host if you want to record a meeting, mute/unmute all, or use breakout rooms.
ALL Drexel students, professional staff, instructors, and faculty have a Drexel Pro Zoom account and can host their own Zoom meetings.
Zoom -- Managing Users, Privacy, and Security Measures
Zoom -- FAQs
Zoom -- Maximum Attendees
Zoom -- Adding Co-Hosts or Alternate Hosts
Zoom -- Claim Host Role during a Meeting
Zoom -- Click your own Zoom Link and Enter as Host or Drexel Account
Zoom -- Group Work or Breakout Rooms
Zoom -- iPad, iPhone, iOS, or Android Screen Share
Zoom -- Login or Registration or Redirect Issues
Zoom -- Post Your Photo
https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us/articles/201363203-Customizing-your-Profile
Zoom -- Mute All or Unmute All, Manage Large Classes or Events
Only hosts can Mute/Unmute All.
Zoom -- Recording
Zoom -- Scheduling
At meeting time, go to Drexel Zoom at https://drexel.zoom.us >
Sign In Standard > login > Meetings > click your scheduled meeting.
See Joining a Zoom Meeting section above for help with audio or screen sharing.
Zoom -- Waiting Room to Manage Office Hours Attendance
Zoom -- Unscheduled Zoom Meeting
Follow below instructions.
Visit https://drexel.zoom.us > Sign In Standard > login >
HOST A MEETING > With Video Off (or On, your choice) >
Enter name and email (if prompted) > Join With Computer Audio.
Zoom -- 2nd Webcam and Writing
Zoom -- Attendance - use Usage Reports
PowerPoint presenter view while Zoom screen share and show chat
Advanced Topics
Zoom -- Advanced Instructions
zoom--Using sidecar on Mac and iPad using mirrored display
zoom--Tips on using PowerPoint with Zoom"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Zoom -- Sharing Online Recordings for Others to Upload or Store
NOT RECOMMENDED!!!!
EXCEPT AS A WAY TO TRANSFER FILE COPY OF RECORDING FOR OTHERS TO USE IN MORE PERMANENT STORAGE AREA.
Such as Kaltura Drexel Streams at https://drexel.edu/it/streams .
For more on Kaltura Drexel Streams, which is also available to all students, faculty, and staff at Drexel see link below.
Adding Media to Bb Learn via Kaltura or Drexel Streams
or...
Sharing Kaltura Audio or Video with Non-Drexel Users or Share with Anyone
Also, see
Zoom -- Recording
That said, to share Zoom online recordings...
CLICK IN NUMBER ORDER in SCREENSHOT BELOW
to share a Zoom video for someone else to download.
Number given on arrow.
Note: For 6, follow 6a, then 6b, then 6c.
IMPORTANT!
Do not keep Zoom videos in Zoom for more than 18 weeks.
They will be deleted after 18 weeks.
Email sent first, purportedly, but don't count on that!

Do not put links to Zoom recordings in your Bb Learn course section.
Any Zoom links older than 18 weeks will be deleted!

Do not upload MP4 files directly into Bb Learn!
Use Kaltura Drexel Streams method at
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Adding Media to Bb Learn

Sharing with non-Drexel users?
For Arrow #4 below,
select ""Publicly.""
They still have to have the link to play it.

See: Sharing Kaltura Audio or Video with Non-Drexel Users or Share with Anyone"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Captions
Zoom Automatically Captions Recorded Videos
If using Zoom, Zoom automatically generates captions for recorded videos, but it uses AI to auto-generate transcripts, and the accuracy is not good enough for students who need special accommodations. See link below for more info.
Zoom -- Captions and Transcripts
Captions for a Single Video in Kaltura Drexel Streams
Upload finished videos to Kaltura Drexel Streams first.
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Adding Media to Bb Learn
Once you have a video uploaded.
Login to Kaltura Drexel Streams at https://drexel.edu/it/streams 
Click ""My Media,"" and click the link to your video.
Scroll down to ""ACTIONS"" and click ""+Captions & Enrich.""
Scroll down under ""Order Captions,"" and click ""Submit.""
There is rarely any need to change settings.
This method use AI to auto-generate transcripts, but the accuracy is not good enough for students who need special accommodations to use without it being reviewed by Drexel's Disabilities Resources office first.
Wait 24 hours for captions to appear.
Need to download a transcript? There will be timestamps in it, but you can do the following to get one, after doing the above and waiting for the captions to appear.
Login again to Kaltura Drexel Streams at https://drexel.edu/it/streams  . Click ""My Media,"" and click the link to your video. Scroll down to ""ACTIONS"" and click ""Edit."" Click ""Captions."" Click down-arrow-on-box icon to download captions as a file that can also be used as a transcript. Contact ihelp@drexel.edu if you need help removing the timestamps.
Captions for Multiple Videos
Upload finished videos to Kaltura Drexel Streams first.
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Adding Media to Bb Learn
Once you have a video uploaded.
Login to Kaltura Drexel Streams at https://drexel.edu/it/streams 
Click ""My Media.""
Check the box in front of multiple videos you want captions.
Scroll down to ""ACTIONS"" and click ""+Captions & Enrich.""
Click ""Submit.""
There is rarely any need to change settings.
This method use AI to auto-generate transcripts, but the accuracy is not good enough for students who need special accommodations.
Wait 24 hours for captions to appear.
Need to download a transcript? There will be timestamps in it, but you can do the following to get one, after doing the above and waiting for the captions to appear.
Login again to Kaltura Drexel Streams at https://drexel.edu/it/streams  . Click ""My Media,"" and click the link to your video. Scroll down to ""ACTIONS"" and click ""Edit."" Click ""Captions."" Click down-arrow-on-box icon to download captions as a file that can also be used as a transcript. Contact ihelp@drexel.edu if you need help removing the timestamps.
More Captioning or Transcription Options
LiveTranscribe App -- Android or ChromeOS
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.google.audio.hearing.visualization.accessibility.scribe&hl=en_US
Great transcription app on the Google Play Store, available on ChromeOS Chromebooks & Android or Google cellphones or mobile devices.
Accuracy is not good enough for students who need special accommodations.
Microsoft Word Dictate Tool
If you do not have Microsoft Word on your Mac or Windows computer, everyone at Drexel can download Office 365, which contains Word, by logging in at https://portal.office.com , and clicking the ""Install"" link.
In Microsoft Word, even on Mac, the ""Home"" tab has a toolbar at the top that includes the ""Dictation"" icon. Click the ""Dictation"" icon."" Agree to any terms of use. Then just start talking. Click the ""Dictation"" icon again to stop transcribing. Lean close to the microphone for better results. Accuracy is not good enough for students who need special accommodations.
Google Drive's Documents Voice Typing -- Chrome only on Mac or Windows
You can use this if you make a new Doc or document in Google Drive, and only if you are using the Chrome web browser on Mac or Windows (not sure about Linux or Chrome-variant web browsers like Brave or the new Microsoft Edge).
Go to Google Drive at https://drive.google.com/ , and login. Create a Google account if you do not have a Google account somehow, and then login, if necessary. Once logged in, click ""+ New"" and create a new ""Google Docs"" document. Use a ""blank document."" In the new tab with the new document, click the title of the ""Untitled document,"" and rename it. Click ""Tools"" < ""Voice Typing."" Click the microphone icon. If prompted, click ""Allow"" to let your web browser use the microphone. Start talking. Click the microphone again to stop.
Accuracy is not good enough for students who need special accommodations.
Siri Dictation -- Apple iPad, iPhone, macOS -- Not Recommended
Use Siri for voice dictation on your Mac laptop or your iPhone or iPad.
It is not great.
If you talk at a normal speed without much pause for 20 seconds to a couple minutes, Siri stops writing down what you speak.
Still, if for some reason, you have some issues getting the above working, or you want to just try this, here are directions. Maybe it will work better for you.
If you go this route, we HIGHLY RECOMMEND talking without much pause for a couple minutes, and trying to have someone else do the same.
You’ll need to open up a note on your Mac or iPhone or iOS device or even Word, and then get Siri going.
Directions below.
https://www.diygenius.com/siri-voice-dictation-guide/
Editing Caption Files on your Computer
Captions and Transcriptions -- Editing Caption Files on Your Computer
https://docs.cci.drexel.edu/display/CD/Captions+and+Transcriptions+--+Editing+Caption+Files+on+Your+Computer"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Kaltura Drexel Streams FAQ
Tagged with: kaltura
Drexel Streams -- Drexel's Kaltura Video Repository
Go to https://drexel.edu/it/streams to get to the main Drexel Kaltura or Drexel Streams.
The above link brings you to the primary Drexel Kaltura site to upload and view media.
Add Video to Bb Learn Using Kaltura
You can & absolutely should use Kaltura or Drexel Streams to upload your Zoom cloud recordings in Bb Learn.
If you record to the Zoom cloud using your Drexel account,
you automatically have the recording available in Kaltura Drexel Streams at
https://drexel.edu/it/streams
and within Bb Learn.
Just login with Drexel username and password at
https://drexel.edu/it/streams
and then click ""My Media"" to view them.
And you can do this easily from within Bb Learn.
Or go to a ""Week"" or other content area in Bb Learn.
Use ""Build Content"" > ""Kaltura Media.""
Wait 10-30 seconds & then select your Zoom cloud recording.
Add Zoom cloud recordings to a Bb Learn course section
See ""Simple Instructions"" section at:
Zoom -- Add Videos to Bb Learn using Kaltura Drexel Streams
How do you upload and share media?
To upload media and share it to Blackboard Learn: 
Adding Media to Bb Learn via Kaltura or Drexel Streams
To upload media through Blackboard Learn to Kaltura:
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Adding Audio or Video to a Content Area -- Instructors Only
To upload media and share it with a link:
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Uploading Directly & Making Playable by Anyone with Link
How do you make a quiz in Kaltura?
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Quizzes in Videos
How do you require test before test or assignment?
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Quizzes in Video - Require Before Test or Assignment
How do you make others co-publisher or co-editor of media in Kaltura?
To see more information about different roles: 
Differences in Collaborators on Kaltura
To allow various actions:
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Make Others Co-Editors, Co-Publishers, or Co-Viewers of Videos
How do you allow downloads of media?
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Allow Downloads"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Outlook Plug-in or Add-in for Zoom
Try this 1st
Download and install the Outlook plugin directly from the link below.
https://zoom.us/download
under ""Microsoft Outlook Plugin"".
Click ""Get it now.""
Use Drexel email address and password to login, or the ""Work or School Account"" option to login.
After login, you may need to click ""Get it now"" again.
Then lick ""Continue.""
Click ""Install"" if prompted.
Click ""Open in Outlook Web.""
Close and re-open your installed Outlook application or program if you don't see the change.
IMPORTANT TIPS:
For sign in or login, ALWAYS choose the ""SSO"" or ""Sign in with SSO"" option,
unless you are on the Drexel Connect webpage.
And always use ""drexel.zoom.us""
Or type in drexel before .zoom.us, if asked.
Close and re-open your installed Outlook application or program if you don't see the change.
Try this 2nd
If the 1st method above fails, try this.
Visit https://outlook.office.com in a web browser, and login with Drexel account.
Go to the Calendar area.
Click New event > ... > Get Add-ins.
Type ""zoom"" in the search box. Click ""Zoom for Outlook.""
Click ""Add.""
You will see a ""Get started for Zoom for Outlook"" window. That means you were successful.
Open your installed Outlook application or program.

You will see the ""+ Add a Zoom Meeting"" icon if you make a new calendar event or compose a new email.


If you do not see it, expand the window, or click the small right angle at the far right in the toolbar to scroll right in the Outlook calendar or email toolbar (under ""Appointment"").
If you still do not see the Zoom button in a new appointment or meeting window in Outlook,
Close and re-open your installed Outlook application or program."
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
FlashBack Express - Free Screen Recorder
Installation
The FlashBack Express Free Screen Recorder lets you screen record for free without any time limit.
 Download from here, and install.
https://www.flashbackrecorder.com/express/
Click DOWNLOADS > Flashback Express.
Not ""Pro"" version.
Follow on-screen instructions, BUT...
Avoid the paid version. The end of the installation process has a small link that lets you stick with the free version
Record
Open FlashBack Express.
The Recorder window should appear.

Set the screen ""Record"" drop-down menu at the top says ""Full Screen.""
Check ""Record Sound,"" and make sure both the ""Microphone"" and ""Speakers"" or output checkboxes are checked.
Speak a little and look to see if the green-red bar level indicator to the right moves as you speak. Choose a different microphone (if available) if it does not.
Leave ""Default PC Speakers"" or the like selected.
Check the ""Record Webcam"" box if you want people to see you while you speak.
Then choose the camera.
Then click record.
Do a test recording for 5-10 seconds before your actual recording.
Make your actual recording.
Stop the recording when finished.
Click ""Review"" (when asked to ""Review"" or ""Save"" or ""Discard"" the recording).
Proceed to the Export section below.
Export
Now you need to save the recording and export it in a usable video file format.
Click the ""Export"" button.

In the ""Select Export Format"" Window, choose ""MP4"" or ""MPEG4"". Then click ""OK.""

In the ""Export to MPEG4"" window, make sure ""Export Frames"" is set to ""Whole Movies,"" leave all of the other settings to their default, and click ""Export.""

Save the file to where you want on your computer.
Expect the processing/exporting time to take 3/4 of the time of the actual recording.
You may need to minimize the recorded video in order to see the pause button, or the X in the upper right to close the recording window.
You will need end up with 2 files.
One file is an MPEG4 video file. This MPEG4 video file is what you upload to Kaltura.
The other file will have an icon that looks like an old film video camera. Save this file, but do not upload it to Kaltura
Upload the MPEG4 video file (not the file with the video camera icon) to Kaltura.
Upload a Video or Audio File for VoiceThread
https://voicethread.com/howto/recording-a-comment
Add to Kaltura and then Bb Learn -- Not for VoiceThread
Upload the MPEG4 video file (not the file with the video camera icon on it) to Kaltura.
Follow the instructions below to upload the video to Kaltura and then add the video to your Bb Learn course shell.
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Adding Media to Bb Learn"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Zoom -- Recording
First, Sign in to Drexel Zoom before Recording
See link below.
Generally, just need to check or set this once.
Zoom -- SSO Single Sign-On and Host Sign-In
Record to the Cloud (Online) in Zoom
You can just record yourself in a Zoom meeting your schedule. Or you can record a meeting with others.
Do a 30-second test recording first.
Make sure your mic is picking up sound in the recording.
Make sure you screenshare if you need to demonstrate something on your computer.
Turn on your webcam in Zoom if you need to record yourself.
Below is how to enable/use the cloud/online recording option in Zoom.
https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us/articles/203741855-Cloud-recording
Zoom Auto Copies or Backs-Up to Kaltura
Drexel cloud recordings automatically back up to Kaltura or Drexel Streams (Drexel's video repository)
at https://drexel.edu/it/streams (Drexel Streams = Kaltura).
These videos are also easily accessible from within Bb Learn.
This makes it SUPER EASY to submit videos for assignments.
Manually Adding Zoom Videos Copied to Kaltura
Zoom -- Add Videos to Bb Learn using Kaltura Drexel Streams
Students Submitting Assignments
Embed Kaltura Audio or Video in Any Bb Learn Text Box
Editing Zoom Recordings - Do Not Use Zoom
Zoom's video editing only works when shared from Zoom, not when you download recordings.
For editing, we recommend...
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Edit Video or Video Settings
-or-
OpenShot Video Editor
Then upload to Kaltura or Drexel Streams using Adding Media to Bb Learn via Kaltura or Drexel Streams
Alternate Method -- Share Kaltura or Drexel Streams
Good for sharing outside of Drexel Bb Learn or with non-Drexel people, or if you run into issues with above method. See link below.
Sharing Kaltura Audio or Video with Non-Drexel Users
Also see: Zoom -- Recording -- Share or Download from Zoom or Kaltura Drexel Streams
OPTIONAL --More Tips
Everything below is optional information.
Alternate Method -- Share Kaltura or Drexel Streams
Good for sharing outside of Drexel Bb Learn or with non-Drexel people, or if you run into issues with above method. See link below.
Sharing Kaltura Audio or Video with Non-Drexel Users
Also see: Zoom -- Recording -- Share or Download from Zoom or Kaltura Drexel Streams
Zoom recording taking a long time to process?
Short recordings should process quick.
For long recording, give it 3-6 hours for 2-3 hours of recording.
And ALSO make sure the Host ended the Zoom meeting rather than just left.
To do so, re-enter the Zoom meeting.
Click End > End Meeting for All.
Downloading Online or Cloud Recordings
Here is how to download online or cloud recordings.
Login to https://drexel.zoom.us with DrexelConnect userid & password.
Click the ""Recordings"" link in the left navigation.
Click the link for your recording under ""Topic.""
Click ""Download # Files"" (# will be any number).
   (a) If prompted, click to allow download of multiple files.
Choose where to save each file.
Open downloaded .mp4 files. Make sure your have right ones.
Any Zoom videos kept more than 18 weeks starting June 1, 2020 will be taken down.
(Email sent first, purportedly, but don't count on that!)
Accessing Recordings if Alt Host or Privileged Scheduler
Only the real host can access the recordings. The other 2 can get emails when the recording is ready on the Host's account.
Zoom -- Scheduling for Someone Else -- Recording Access
Captions and Transcript
Zoom -- Captions and Transcripts
Recording to Computer
Recording to the Cloud is still recommended over recording to your computer, as it will save you time and effort, but Zoom has made Recording to the Computer less of an ordeal if the post-meeting processing window and, well, process is closed before finished. Zoom stores pre-processed recordings as .zoom files on your computer on Windows and Mac in the Documents folder in the Zoom folder. Do NOT change the name of the .zoom files. Each .zoom file will have a name similar to ""double_click_to_convert.."" If you do not have an .mp4, mf4a, and/or .m3u files and just .zoom files, just double-click the one or more .zoom files, and let the processing start and finish. The .zoom files will disappear after the conversion is over. Again, we generally recommend Recording to the Cloud, as it's still the easier and more sure method, but it's nice to know Recording to the Computer has been dramatically improved by Zoom.
Recordings are stored locally on the host's computer. You can go into Zoom's settings to find the location of the recording.
Zoom -- Sharing Online Recordings for Others to Upload or Store
Record without Participant or Student Names
Zoom -- Record without participant or student names"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Google Meet
Creating a New Meeting
Navigate to meet.google.com and click New meeting (Ensure you're logged into your Google account).
 Select ""Create a meeting for later"" in order to save the link for a later date, or select ""Start an instant meeting"" to start one instantly.

Make sure to allow your browser to use your Microphone and Camera (Look for a lock right before the URL if it does not pop up automatically).

Inviting People to Your Meeting
Click""Meeting details"" at the bottom of your Meeting.
Click ""Copy joining info"" to copy the meeting link to your clipboard.

More Options
Navigate to the bottom right and click on the vertical three dots to open ""More Options""

a. Here you can find multiple options including settings where you can modify what microphone and video you use for the meeting.

Useful Information
You need a Google account to use Google Meet. Everyone attending and speaking also needs a Google account to use Google Meet. 
Google account signup page - 
https://accounts.google.com/signup/v2/webcreateaccount?hl=en&flowName=GlifWebSignIn&flowEntry=SignUp

Detailed instructions on how to create Google account - 
https://support.google.com/accounts/answer/27441?hl=en&ref_topic=3382296
Some things to know about Google Meet
Google Meet has very low security so please email or send the link to only those who should join the meeting. 
Google Meet meeting hosts cannot explicitly block someone from joining the meeting so, do not share the meeting link publicly.
Google Meet meeting recordings are stored in Google Drive. Everyone with a free Google account will only get 15GB of storage on Google Drive. You can always transfer recordings from Google Drive to Kaltura Drexel Streams to free up storage on Google Drive but, If the meeting is going to be long enough to require more than 15GB of storage to store the recording then Google Meet is not recommended. 
Some helpful Links:
Google Meet homepage  - https://meet.google.com/
YouTube Video on How to Use Google Meet - https://youtu.be/O8Y1vlfpbEU
Google Meet cheat sheet - https://support.google.com/a/users/answer/9300131"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
echo360 -- Screen Recording from a Personal Computer
Introduction
You can screen record from your personal computer, and instantly upload the recording to echo360 using ""Universal Capture: Personal.""
You have to install it first. And then you can use it.
Installation
Find your long-form Drexel email address.
(a) Method 1: Login to https://accounts.drexel.edu with DrexelOne or Drexel Connect userid & password, click ""Continue,"" and look for your ""Official email address"" at the top of the page. It will not be hyperlinked.
(b) Method 2: Look yourself up on on the ""Contact Drexel: Directory"" webpage.
        i. https://drexel.edu/about/contact/
(c) Method 3: If you still cannot find yourself with 100% certainty, contact ihelp@drexel.edu for assistance.
NOTE: When you go to use it, you can type your long-form Drexel email address as all lowercase letters.
Access Echo360 through a Bb Learn course section with an ""echo360 Class Recordings"" link in the left navigation.
Click the ""Access echo360 Recordings for..."" link on the page.
You should now see an echo360 webpage within the Bb Learn course section webpage.
In upper right, click gear icon > ""Account Settings"". Then click ""Create Password"" button. Follow on-screen instructions.
Now, in upper right, click gear icon (again) > ""Downloads."" Click link to download ""Universal Capture: Personal."" Install once downloaded.
Open ""Echo360 Universal Capture"" newly installed in your ""Applications"" or ""Programs"" areas in Mac or Windows.
(a) Look in Finder window > Applications on Mac. Or press Cmd + spacebar, and do a spotlight search for ""Echo360 Universal Capture.""
(b) Click Start menu or Windows key icon in lower right, and search for this application or program, or go to the list of all installed applications or programs.
Login to ""Echo360 Universal Capture"" with your long-form Drexel email address and the password you just created.
How to Use
The screenshot below, pulled from Echo360's website at the link below, encapsulates how to use ""Echo360 Universal Capture.""
When you finish recording, the capture uploads to the course and section you specify. If you cannot find it,
Access Echo360 through a Bb Learn course section with an ""echo360 Class Recordings"" link in the left navigation.
Click the ""Access echo360 Recordings for..."" link on the page.
Click ""Library"" in the upper left, and browse or search for it. New recordings usually appear in the top left, or near the top.
For even more information on how to use ""Echo360 Universal Capture,"" see:
https://learn.echo360.com/hc/en-us/articles/360035408191-Start-a-Recording-with-Universal-Capture#Universal_Capture:_Personal
Screenshot above pulled from this webpage: https://help.echo360.com/hc/en-us/articles/360039980092-Universal-Capture-Personal-Overview"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Zoom -- Invalid Meeting ID or Invalid Meeting Number
If you click a Zoom meeting link,
and you get an error that says something like:
""Invalid Meeting ID"" or ""Invalid Meeting Number,""
here's what to do.
Check the original Zoom meeting link information you were provided in an email or on a website.
Check that the Meeting ID number in the web address of the Zoom link (URL or web address),
or that the Zoom link in general of the web address,
is correct.
If this was in a class, also look in the Bb Learn course section where the link was originally shared.
Again, check that the Meeting ID number or that Zoom link in general of the web address posted in Bb Learn is what you are using.
Sometimes, an instructor or TA may need to change a Zoom link.
And it's possible you missed an email.
Or the instructor or TA didn't get a chance yet to inform you of the changed Zoom link.
Also, try one or more the following:
Sign out of the Zoom app on your computer.
Sign out of Zoom in the web browser
Sign back in at https://drexel.zoom.us/.
Sign into your Zoom app using your Drexel account.
And use the SSO option to sign in.
Enter ""drexel.zoom.us"" if prompted.
Or ""drexel"" (no quotes) before "".zoom.us.""
Then try clicking the Zoom link again.
If you have questions on SSO sign-in for Drexel Pro accounts, see the following:
Zoom -- SSO Single Sign-On and Host Sign-In"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
QuickTime
This webpage simply lists CCI Docs webpage listed on other CCI Docs webpages.
QuickTime -- INCLUDE -- Basics"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Record Screen on iPad, iPhone, or iOS Device
There are a couple methods to record whatever you do on the screen of your iPad, iPhone, or iOS device, along with audio and additional video from your webcam.
Record Screen with Audio using the Control Center Option
Alternative video instructions at bottom of page, but take a look at written instructions & screenshot in step 1 below, as it may be helpful.
Swipe down from the top right on your iPad, iPhone, or iOS device.

Click the white record button, or the circled white dot.

Make sure Microphone button is ON or Red. Tap to turn on.

If you do *not see a Microphone button, you didn't press and hold the Microphone button. The recording will not have audio. Press circled red dot recording button again to stop recording and try again.

Wait for 3-second countdown.

The circled white dot will turn into a circled red dot.
That means the recording has started.

Press iPad/iPhone Home button. Or swipe up.
Navigate to the apps you wish to use in your recorded demonstration or presentation.
To write/draw on your iPad or iPhone, see link below.
Write or Draw on your iPad or iPhone or iOS Device
Any app you have that you can write/draw with on your iPad or iPhone will work as well.
To stop recording, tap red bar at top. Then tap ""Stop Recording.""
The video will be uploaded to your Apple iCloud account on the Photos page.
Apple iCloud Photos webpage
https://www.icloud.com/photos/
To set-up iCloud on iPhone or iPad?
https://www.imore.com/how-set-customize-icloud-your-iphone-ipad-and-mac
To Download Video from iCloud to your Mac or Windows computer? See video below.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b6gyiTyzWtA
Video -- Record Screen with Audio using the Control Center Option
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DaSFGZq_ycE
Troubleshooting
Older iPads
On iOS 11? See link below.
https://www.imore.com/how-use-control-center-iphone-or-ipad#accesshome
On iOS 10 and earlier? See link below for an alternative method for recording from your iPad or iPhone's screen.
Record Screen on iPad, iPhone, or iOS Device -- Older Alternative Method"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
First Time Use of Gather.Town
Video Instructions -- 1 minute, 39 seconds
Use of Google Chrome HIGHLY recommended for use with Gather.Town.
And watching short video below first.
https://1513041.mediaspace.kaltura.com/media/Gather.Town+-+First+Time+Tutorial/1_33k5yis8
Walk Around
⬅︎➡︎⬆︎⬇︎ arrow keys
Hear or See Someone, Talk with Someone
Walk near them.
Or walk to same floor color area as presenter.
View Poster or Presentation
Walk to same floor color area as poster or presentation.
& press X key
Stop Viewing Poster or Presentation
esc or Escape key
Walk Through Someone -- Like a Ghost
Press & hold G key
Dance
Press & hold Z key
Change Name
Click your name at the bottom.
Click Edit.
Change your name.
Click X.
Follow Someone
If they move, you move with them.
Click 
Click person's name.
Click Follow.
Locate Someone on Map
Get a path to follow to find someone.
Click 
Click person's name.
Click Locate on map.
Spotlight Someone
Make sure you always hear & see them.
Click 
Click person's name.
Click Spotlight.
Change Character Appearance
Click character at bottom.
Turn on Quiet Mode
Only see and hear people next to you.
⌘ and U (Mac)
Ctrl and U (Windows)
Or click name at bottom & click Turn on Quiet Mode.
Mute Your Camera and Microphone
Find your video (lower right).
Click tiny mic & camera icon.
Screenshare (if Presenting)
Enter a colored space or square.
Click the monitor icon at bottom.
Troubleshooting
Troubleshooting Gather.Town"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Windows Computer Access via Microsoft Remote Desktop
Microsoft Remote Desktop -- Mac access to Windows computer
Microsoft Remote Desktop -- Set up Win PC for Remote Desktop access through Mac
Microsoft Remote Desktop -- Windows Access to a Windows Computer
Microsoft Remote Desktop -- Set up Win PC for Remote Desktop access
Troubleshooting Remote Desktop"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Adding Media to Bb Learn via Kaltura or Drexel Streams
Tagged with: kaltura kaltura media drexel streams kaltura quiz
Introduction
Kaltura Drexel Streams is the recommended video and audio repository for Bb Learn or any Drexel videos. One Kaltura audio or video file in Bb Learn can be shared in multiple different Bb Learn course sections, conserving server storage space. And Kaltura video is easily playable by students and instructors in the major internet browsers.
IMPORTANT!!!!!
Do NOT link to Zoom cloud recordings! They are deleted in 18 weeks.
ONLY use Kaltura Drexel Streams when uploading videos to Bb Learn.
Do NOT upload videos directly to Bb Learn!
It slows down Bb Learn & costs the university MUCH more money.
Simple Instructions
Go to your Bb Learn course section.
Enter a ""Week"" or other content area.
Click ""Build Content"" > ""Kaltura Media.""
Wait 5-10 seconds.
Select your video.
Or...
Click ""+Add Media"" and upload media.
Follow the on-screen instructions.
Example of a content area.
Many content areas are ""Week 1"" or ""Week 2"" or similar.

More In-Depth Instructions
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Adding Kaltura Audio or Video to a Content Area -- Instructors Only
Add to a Text Box:
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Embed Kaltura Audio or Video in Any Bb Learn Text Box
Video Tutorials on using Kaltura or Drexel Streams
DU IT's/ITG's VIDEO TUTORIALS on Kaltura or Drexel Streams
Uploading Directly to Drexel Streams -- Playable by Anyone with Link
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Uploading Directly to Drexel Streams -- Playable by Anyone with Link
Video Assignments in Bb Learn
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Video Assignments or Discussion Board Posts in Bb Learn
Student Instructions
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Adding Media to Bb Learn -- Student Instructions
Allow Download of Videos
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Allow Downloads
Light Video Editing in Kaltura Drexel Streams
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Edit Video or Video Settings
Drexel ITG Resources
https://drexel.edu/it/help/a-z/kaltura/tutorials/
Other Useful Topics
Recording Video on a Computer and Adding to Bb Learn -- aka Screen Record
Kaltura Capture
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Finding Your Kaltura Audio or Video After It Is Uploaded
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Sharing Kaltura Audio or Video with Non-Drexel Users
Captions
Troubleshooting
Check the status of the Kaltura service at the website below.
https://status.kaltura.com/
If you have issues uploading, try the following.
Simply try again.
Try in a different web browser.
If the video is more than 1 GB, try splitting the video into 2 parts.
Use free Handbrake app to convert the video to a smaller size & widely accepted formats (as well as encoding)
Handbrake -- Smaller Video File Size or Converting Video
If working from home...
At least 25 Mbps download and 5 Mbps upload are recommended, if possible.
Slower upload speeds could lead to timeouts with very large video files.
Keywords: Kaltura, Kaltura, Kaltura, Kaltura"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- No Full-Screen in Firefox in Blackboard (Bb) Learn
This bug has been reported, but you probably won't be able to use the full-screen option with Kaltura videos, unless you do the following first.
Enter the Bb Learn course section where the video is.
Right-click or control-click or 2-finger click the course number in the upper left.
a. Then open the course number link in a New Tab or New Window.

Now try to play the Kaltura video at full-screen size."
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Zoom -- Adding a Password to Existing Meeting
It is possible to add a password to your Zoom office hours, or to any existing Zoom meeting.
If you already created a Zoom meeting for your office hours,
1. Then edit the existing Zoom meeting in ""Meetings"" area after signing into to https://drexel.zoom.us .
Zoom -- Support CCI
2. click on meetings and scroll up, then at the bottom click on edit.

3. check the passcode and save changes.


4. If you do not see your Zoom office hours meeting there, look in the ""Meetings"" area on https://drexel.zoom.us
Zoom -- Support CCI after login for ""Personal Room"" & click that. ""Personal Room"" appears next to ""Upcoming"" & ""Previous.""

5. scroll up and click on edit

6. check passcode and save changes."
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Embed Audio or Video in Any Bb Learn Text Box
Introduction
Assignment submission links & Bb Learn discussion boards let you embed video and audio you upload using Kaltura (or after uploading to Drexel Streams).
As does pretty much most content or tools instructors use in Bb Learn. This page covers how to do this.
Posting to Discussion Board, or for Instructor Content
Submitting an assignment? Scroll down to next section
Click the respective Discussion Board Forum

Post to or reply in a Discussion Board or Forum
Click the ""Create Thread"" button or see Discussion Board -- Video Instructions
Record a video before continuing with these steps
See Recording Video on a Computer and Adding to Bb Learn -- aka Screen Record
Look for a large text box when replying to a Discussion Board post
INSTRUCTORS ONLY:
If not posting to a Discussion Board, first add or edit some content in your Bb Learn course section, such as an Item.
For how, see Bb Learn Content Areas -- Adding and Editing Items or Folders
After that...
Most any text box in any Bb Learn content tool or assignment appears & behaves pretty much like what we show below for a DB post
Click  the three dots ""..."" button on the right of the toolbar if it only has 1 row of icons
Click the plus sign ""+"" button to add content

Click the ""Kaltura Media submission"" option

Click ""+ Add New"" button
Select ""Media Upload"" option on the dropdown

Or... click ""Express Capture"" to record video (webcam and audio, no screen recording).
Or... if you already uploaded a video, click ""Select.""

Check box to agree to ""terms and conditions""

Drag and drop a file to area shown (scroll down) or click the ""Choose a file to upload"" button
Re-name file and add description if you want to
Click ""</> Save and Embed"" button 
If prompted, click ""Yes, please"" button to confirm media submission
Add/edit Subject
Add words in Message area
Click ""Submit"" button
Posting to an Assignment in Bb Learn
Submitting an assignment? Scroll down to next section.
You need to record a video first.
If you need options for how do to that,
see Recording Video on a Computer and Adding to Bb Learn -- aka Screen Record
Click the link to submit an assignment in Bb Learn.
Click ""Write Submission"" button.
If the text box only has 1 row of icons at the top,
click the ... on the far right to expand the toolbars.
The click the circled plus or (+) sign.

Click ""Kaltura Media Submission.""
Click ""+Add New.""
Click ""Media Upload"" to upload video.
Or... click ""Express Capture"" to record video (webcam and audio, no screen recording).
Or... click ""Select"" next to a video (to use an uploaded video).

Check box to agree to ""terms and conditions.""
Drag and drop a file to area shown (scroll down),
or click ""Choose a file to upload.""
Then follow on-screen instructions.
Alt Option for Posting Kaltura or Drexel Streams Videos
If the above does not work,
you can make a Kaltura or Drexel Streams video you uploaded
Unlisted, so anyone with the link can play it.
You do not just copy/paste the link at the top of the web browser's web address bar, though.
For more, see:
Sharing Kaltura Audio or Video with Non-Drexel Users or Anyone
The above is also a great option if you wish to share the link outside of Bb Learn
for something related to Drexel classes, research, or freshman or senior design.
Problems Uploading
Try again.
Sometimes Kaltura or Drexel Streams has flukes.
Also, close/re-open your web browser.
Or try a different web browser.
If the video is said to be incompatible or too large,
Handbrake has been the free go-to for a long time to quickly solve those issues.
See Handbrake -- Smaller Video File Size or Converting Video
3 Ways to See Uploaded Kaltura or Drexel Streams Videos
Visit https://drexel.edu/it/streams , and login.
Visit Bb Learn at https://learn.dcollege.net ,
and click Sign In Standard > Tools (in left navigation panel) > Kaltura My Media.
Visit DrexelOne at https://one.drexel.edu ,
login, click ""CAMPUS+COMMUNITY"",
scroll down to ""Drexel Streams.""
Instructors - Allow Students to Download Video
A work-around solution.
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Allow Downloads
Upload Videos to Drexel Streams without Sharing
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Uploading Directly & Making Playable by Anyone with Link"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Camtasia
Introduction
Camtasia is a fairly powerful option for editing video and audio all Drexel faculty, active adjuncts, and staff and highly recommended. Students cannot get a license for Camtasia.
You can screen record from your computer while capturing audio and webcam video with it, and it has a number of features.
Instructional Video
https://1513041.mediaspace.kaltura.com/media/Camtasia+Overview+Video/1_klsxhcpi
Getting a Camtasia License
If you would like to get the latest version of Camtasia or upgrade your existing version, you will need to attend an online training session with DU IT (formerly Drexel IRT).
Online Camtasia training involves reviewing 10 videos online and 1 document and taking the Camtasia Proficiency Quiz, which will make you eligible for having DU IT set-up a new Camtasia license on your computer.
The DU IT training videos and document, and the Camtasia Proficiency Quiz, are all available at the webpage below.
http://drexel.edu/it/services/workshops/web-based/cam-cross-platform/
NOTE: If you import a video clip into Camtasia, Camtasia now auto-adjusts audio levels. The original clip file’s audio levels remain unchanged.
I Want A Camtasia License NOW!
Visit the website below, skip down to & click to expand ""Module 11,"" and take the quiz. You need an 80% or 85% or so to pass. You can retake the quiz if you get a lower score. Once you pass, itg@drexel.edu will send you an email to set-up a license on your computer and within Self Service or Software Center. You have to pass the quiz, but once you do, if you are in a hurry, email itg@drexel.edu in a separate email, and let them know. Also, try calling 215-895-1224 and leave a message, and ask for a pro staff member to contact you soon and get this added.
Camtasia Quiz is in Module 11 at link below. Click to expand Module 11.
https://drexel.edu/it/services/workshops/web-based/cam-cross-platform/
Adding Video and Audio Files to Bb Learn -- Instructors Only
Instructors and course assistants can add video or audio to Bb Learn. See the webpage below for instructions.
Adding Media to Bb Learn via Kaltura or Drexel Streams
Captioning
Providing captioning for videos you create is highly recommended. The following webpage will provide instructions for automatically generating captions.
Captions
Get Quizzes in Camtasia into Kaltura Drexel Streams and Bb Learn
Note: We do NOT current recommend adding Quizzes in Camtasia. It's possible, but clunky and error-prone.
Upload the video to Kaltura Drexel Streams & then add the quiz to the video in Kaltura Drexel Streams
Not Recommended: Camtasia -- Quizzes and Importing into Bb Learn
Recommended: Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Quizzes in Videos"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
mac OS Cmd-Shift-5 screen recorder
https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT208721#mojave
Mac only. Edit in QuickTime above.
IMPORTANT:
Include 5 seconds or so of extra recording at start & end. Sometimes gets cut off.
Do a test recording of 10-20 seconds first!
Or use Kaltura Drexel Streams to Add Videos to Bb Learn Course Sections. Otherwise, you greatly slowdown Bb Learn for everyone.
Do not use this option with VoiceThread.
Adding Media to Bb Learn via Kaltura or Drexel Streams"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Page not found
Sorry, this page could not be found."
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Express Capture
Express Capture -- An Option if No Screen Recording is Needed
Once you have a video finished.
Visit DrexelOne at https://one.drexel.edu
and login (if you haven't already).
Click ""CAMPUS+COMMUNITY.""
Scroll down, and look in lower right for ""Drexel Streams"" and click that link.
If you already uploaded your video, click ""+ ADD NEW,"" and click ""Express Capture""
Disable any ad blocking or privacy enhancing software. 
Allow your microphone and camera to be used.
Press the red record circle/button, and recording starts in 3 seconds.
Press the small white stop square to stop recording.
Recording auto-plays. Press pause || sign to pause. (If not playback, allow playback in browser if browser disables that automatically. Look in address bar of browser for icon to toggle.)
Either press button to ""Download a Copy"" or press ""Use This"" to upload to Kaltrua or Drexel Streams.
If you pressed ""Use This,"" video uploads, but you can scroll down and add title, description, and tag metadata, and if you want to share the video publicly, set it to ""Unlisted."" Then ""Save"" your changes. Video will take some time to process before it's available for playback. Click ""Go to Media"" for more options for video, or click ""Go to My Media"" or ""My Media"" to see your other videos.
See the webpage below for how to add your recording to Bb Learn
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Adding Media to Bb Learn
Captions -- Auto-Generated
Captions"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Allow Downloads
Introduction & Notes
In order to allow downloads in a Bb Learn course section, you have to copy/paste in an ""Unlisted"" direct link to a Kaltura Drexel Streams video, and anyone with the link can play or download the video.
Downloading Drexel Streams or Kaltura video is NOT necessary, generally.
You can play Drexel Streams or Kaltura videos fine in your web browser.
If you are not the creator/owner of the video, downloading a video is complicated.
Downloading video is not necessary for submitting assignments, generally.
Few instructors need it. A few may want it, and will tell you that, but very, very, very few will actually need it.
Recordings cannot be downloaded from an embedded player window in Bb Learn.
Links to the video on the Drexel Streams website can allow downloads.
Downloading
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Downloading
Allow Downloads
Find & click your video under ""My Media"" in Kaltura Drexel Streams.
https://drexel.edu/it/streams
or...
https://1513041.mediaspace.kaltura.com/
Scroll down. Click ""ACTIONS"" > ""Edit"" > ""Downloads"" > ""Source"" checkbox > ""Save.""
Click ""Go to Media"" to return to normal view of video.
Scroll down. Click ""ACTIONS"" > ""Publish"" >  ""Unlisted"" > ""Save.""
The video will be viewable by anyone with the link.
No Drexel login required.

If you want people to login to see the video (otherwise go to next step):
you need to create a channel (just once) that only people with Drexel accounts can access in Kaltura Drexel Streams.
Here's how:
Scroll up & click your name in the upper right. Click ""My Channels."" Enter ""Drexel CCI Videos"" for ""Name (Required)."" Scroll down to ""Privacy"" & select ""Restricted."" Click ""Save.""
Go back to the video. 
Now, for this and any future videos you want in this channel:
click ""ACTIONS"" > ""Publish"" >  ""Public"" > check ""Drexel CCI Videos"" > ""Save.""

Click ""Share"" (under the video).
Copy/paste the link to the video into your Bb Learn course section,
or where you wish to share this video.
The video can be viewed by anyone with the the link.
More Info
The methods we offer above are easiest to implement.
Another method is to host your videos within your OneDrive folder and setting the share option so anyone can download the videos who has the share link for the OneDrive folder. Or limit the share to anyone at Drexel. Link below explains how to do this.
Office 365 -- OneDrive Sharing Files and Folders
You could also create your own Kaltura Drexel Streams channels and manage user enrollment for them, but that is a lot of extra work for what might be very little result.
If you want to try one of these other methods:
To share the video in Kaltura Drexel Streams, you may also want to look making someone a co-viewer, co-editor, or co-publisher. They need to find the video in Kaltura Drexel Streams under ""My Media"" once you do this.
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Make Others Co-Editors, Co-Publishers, or Co-Viewers of Videos
Or look into making and configuring user enrollment in Kaltura Drexel Streams Channels.
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Channels"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Zoom -- Host and Co-Host Controls
Tagged with: zoom
See https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us/articles/201362603-Host-and-co-host-controls-in-a-meeting"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Zoom -- Remote Access to Windows or Mac Computer
Need to See Android or iPad or iPhone Screen?
See iPad, iPhone, iOS, or Android Screen Share
For Windows or Mac Computer, do the following:
Login to https://drexel.zoom.us on your computer.
Use icommonscrc or your own account.
Host Zoom meeting with NO video.
Close box to ""Join Audio.""
Talk to end user on the phone.
Note meeting ID # at top of Zoom meeting.
Have end user go to the following URL.
http://zoom.us
They click ""JOIN A MEETING.""
They enter Meeting ID #, and click ""Join.""
They install/open Zoom, if prompted.
They close the ""Join with Computer Audio"" window.
And click ""Continue"" to confirm that choice.
They click ""Share"" at bottom.
Then click ""Share"" again.
Have them move mouse over Zoom window if no ""Share"" button appears.
You should see their screen now.
When finished with meeting with the end user,
end the meeting ""for all"" on your end.
Do you need to control their computer?
They move mouse over green tab. A Toolbar appears to them.
They tap Remote Control.
They choose your name or icommoncrc,
and ""Give Mouse/Keyboard control to.""
When finished with end user,
end the meeting ""for all"" on your end."
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Zoom
Tagged with: zoom
Scheduling Zoom Meetings
Zoom -- Scheduling
Quick Test of Zoom Before First Real Use
For Drexel students, staff, faculty, who want to try Zoom out before first real use.
Zoom -- Quick Test Before First Real Use
Joining a Zoom Meeting
Zoom -- Joining a Zoom Meeting
Hosting a Drexel Zoom Meeting
Zoom -- Hosting a Drexel Zoom Meeting
Recording a Zoom Meeting
Zoom -- Recording
Managing Users, Security, and Privacy
Zoom -- Managing Users, Privacy, and Security Measures
Zoom Troubleshooting
Zoom Troubleshooting -- Crash, Audio, Artifact, Lag, Freeze, More
Zoom Video Tutorials
https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us/articles/206618765-Zoom-Video-Tutorials

Zoom Recordings
Zoom -- Missing or Lost or Deleted Zoom Recordings
Echo Occurring?
Everyone in the same physical room as the host user should *mute their computer microphones and computer speaker volume.*
The host user is the exception. The host user should NOT mute their computer microphone and computer speakers UNLESS the host use is using a phone or speakerphone for audio. 
If the host user is using a phone or speakerphone for audio, then the host indeed should mute their computer microphone and computer speakers.
Screen Freeze or Lag? Delayed Audio?
Have all participants mute their audio and/or shut down their video when they are not using it.
All participants should close any open applications or browser tabs or windows they are not using during the meeting.
   (a) Closing non-essential apps in the lower right (System Tray) in Windows or upper right (Menu Bar) in Mac could help as well.
Deleted a Scheduled Meeting or a Recording
Zoom -- Recover Deleted Meeting or Recording
Invalid Meeting ID or Invalid Meeting Number Error
Zoom -- Invalid Meeting ID or Invalid Meeting Number
General Tips
Try the above tips *FIRST,* and only do the ones below if the issues persist.
Screen sharing or application sharing of very high resolution or 4K displays can sometimes be a factor.
Ask presenters to change their display resolution to something closer to 1920x1080 (which is still HD).
Participants on their own personal WiFi or other network might to try shutting down any other devices on their personal WiFi network to increase the overall available bandwidth.
Do not use https://zoom.us for Drexel Zoom.
Use https://drexel.zoom.us for Drexel Zoom.
Only host 1 meeting at a time on your own account.
Drexel Zoom meetings can be schedule to last as long as 24 hours long, if need be.
Zoom meetings recorded to the cloud are captioned and transcribed automatically and available to those who attend.
The captioning and transcript are not good enough for students or instructors who need special accommodations.
International participants can use Zoom to hear and be heard for free through their computer.
International phone rates apply if the phone is used for audio.
Advanced Instructions
Zoom -- Advanced Instructions
Other Useful Links
Zoom Accessibility
Zoom -- Remote Access to Windows or Mac Computer
Adding Pronouns to Your Zoom Profile
Zoom Updating or Updates
Discover the newest features in Zoom
Zoom to a specific area in a PowerPoint presentation
PowerPoint Presenter View in Zoom Screenshare
Zoom -- Host and Co-Host Controls
Zoom Shortcut Keys and a Fix for Mystery Muting and Pause/Resume in Zoom Mtgs
Leave Computer Audio in Zoom"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Discover the newest features in Zoom
Tagged with: zoom
Discover the newest features in Zoom
Release notes"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Changing Names in Zoom
Instructions
Click ""Participants"" icon to open ""Participants"" right nav panel.

Hover over your name in the ""Participants"" panel.
Click ""More"" > ""Rename.""

Enter your new name, and click ""Rename.""

Note: Additionally, always make sure you are using https://drexel.zoom.us
and in the installed Zoom app that you are signed in with your Drexel username and password,
using the SSO or Sign in with SSO option.
You should NOT use personal Zoom for Drexel business or Drexel teaching or Drexel research.
Permanently Change Your Name in Zoom
Names in Zoom when logged into Drexel Zoo Pro accounts are tied to your official name for all of your Drexel accounts.
If you want your name to appear as something else,
it should still appear as your official name for all of your Drexel accounts,
but you can fix errors with your official name by contacting accounts@drexel.edu
If your Drexel Zoom name does not match your Drexel official name,
email zoomadmin@drexel.edu"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Zoom -- Login or Registration or Redirect Issues
Try SSO Sign-In Instructions for Zoom First
Zoom -- SSO Single Sign-On and Host Sign-In
Written Instructions
Basically, you want to make sure you are signed into the Zoom application installed on your computer. And signed out of the wrong zoom website in your web browser. This can fix many login issues, and will let you login with your Drexel Account after clicking a Zoom meeting link. If you scheduled/created the Zoom link, you will be the Host.
Here's how:
Without clicking a Zoom link,
open the Zoom program or application.
Mac: Look in your Applications folder in Finder or Spotlight Search.
Windows: Look in the Start menu.
Cannot find Zoom?:
Zoom may not be installed. Go to https://drexel.zoom.us > ""Sign In Standard"" > login to Drexel Connect > ""Host a Meeting"" (video on or off) > download/install > open/run Zoom or zoom .us.
Click ""zoom .us"" menu
Click ""Sign In.""
Or click ""File"" > ""Sign in.""
Click ""Sign Out"" if signed in already!
Then repeat step #3 above.
Click “SSO Sign in with SSO” or “Sign In with SSO.""
Type in “drexel” (without quotes) next to “. zoom. us”. And click “Continue.”If prompted & if your web browser opens to the Drexel Connect webpage, sign in with your Drexel userid and password.
Click ""Open link.""
Or click “Open zoom .us""
Or click ""Open Zoom"" or similar.
If prompted & if your web browser opens to the Drexel Connect webpage,
sign in with your Drexel userid and password.
Now, quit the Zoom application.
But do *not* sign out in the Zoom application.
You can sign out of Zoom in your web browser if you wish now.
Just not the Zoom application itself.
To sign out of Zoom in a web browser (if you wish):
Click “Drexel University Zoom” > “Sign In Standard” > person icon in upper right > “SIGN OUT”.
No need to click “DISCONNECT” unless you want to sign out of all standard Drexel websites.
Now, if you click a Zoom meeting link that you created/scheduled, you will enter as a Host.
And for other Zoom meetings links, you will enter with your Drexel Account.
Need Different Password?
If Zoom Asks for a Password or Login
Video Instructions for SSO Sign-In on Drexel Zoom
https://1513041.mediaspace.kaltura.com/media/Zoom+--+Signing+into+the+Zoom+App+with+your+Drexel+Login+using+SSO/1_si5nvwhb
We don't cover signing out of https://zoom.us first above, but we do recommend that still."
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
echo360 -- Downloading Lecture Recordings
Instructions
Get to your Echo360 recordings in your Bb Learn course section, click “echo360 Class Recordings” in left navigation panel in Bb Learn course section.

Click “Access echo360 Class Recordings for INFO-634-001/900-XLIST-201925”.
Italicized course number be different for you.

In the row of the date of the recording:

Click the green or gray arrow button.
Scroll down if necessary.
Click ""Download original.
Choose to download either (a) the computer display video with audio, (b) the room video with audio, or (c) audio only.
Click resolution (standard definition is SD, high definition is HD).
Click ""Download.""
Download and save the media file to your computer


Re-Use of Recordings After Current Quarter -- for Instructors Only
Echo360 recordings do not copy between Bb Learn course sections when Bb Learn Admins like Mike Galloway copy course materials.
But you can download the recordings and use Kaltura Drexel Streams to upload the recordings again to your next quarter's Bb Learn course section (when it's available to you).
Once you add any video using Kaltura Drexel Streams, the videos do then copy over during course copy. So you won't have to add them again.
See above for how to download recordings from Bb Learn
Here is how to add video to a Bb Learn course section using Kaltura Drexel Streams
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Kaltura Capture
Troubleshooting
Cannot see the ""Download original"" option or ""Download"" button shown above?
Try using the scrollbar on the right, if one is present. If multiple scrollbars, try both.
Another thing to try is to put 2 fingers on your touchpad without clicking it and swipe up or down.
If neither solution works, click Start > Settings > System > Display. Scroll down to “Scale and layout.” Change the drop-down menu option to 75% or 50% or try some options that are 100%. Click “Keep” or “OK” to retain your changes. You can change them back later. Go to Echo360 now, refresh the webpage, and try again. If this work, repeat the first part of the instructions in this paragraph, but this time, change the drop-down menu back to 100% or whatever you preferred level is.
If that doesn’t work, click Start > Settings > System > Display. Scroll down to “Resolution.” Try some of the higher (bigger number) resolution options, if any are available. Click “Keep” or “OK” to retain your changes. You can change them back later. Go to Echo360 now, refresh the webpage, and try again. If this work, repeat the first part of the instructions in this paragraph, but this time, change the drop-down menu back to 100% or whatever you preferred level is.
More problems downloading a lecture recording?
Try logging out of Bb Learn, closing your internet browser completely, waiting 20 seconds, then re-opening your internet browser, logging again to Bb Learn at https://dcollege.learn.net, and trying to download the recording again.
If that doesn’t work, try a different internet browser.
And be sure there are no hidden window prompts behind any open windows you have that are waiting for a response or click from you.
Hidden window prompts might not appear as a clickable square icon in your bottom taskbar in Windows or bottom dock on a Mac.
If none of that helps, contact us using the information below."
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Zoom -- Joining a Zoom Meeting
Recommended Prep Before Joining Drexel Zoom Meeting
Only once per computer. Do this before you join a Zoom meeting.
Follow instructions at this webpage below.  
Zoom -- SSO Single Sign-On and Host Sign-In
Once you do the above, when you click a Zoom meeting link you created, you will enter as a Host.
And for other Zoom meetings links, you will enter with your Drexel Account.
Joining a Zoom Meeting - Video
https://youtu.be/hIkCmbvAHQQ
YouTube video
Joining a Zoom Meeting - Text
Students/Participants:
Click Zoom meeting link,
Link may be given to you by instructor, listed in Bb Learn course section, sent to you in email, or calendar invite, Slack, Discord, etc.
Hosts:
Sign in to https://drexel.zoom.us with Drexel userid & password.
Then click ""Join meeting.""
Open link with Zoom or https://drexel.zoom.us if prompted.
Or...
Download, open, & install the Zoom program, when prompted.
Enter name and email (if prompted).
Sign in to Drexel Connect screen, if prompted.
In the meeting, click “Join With Computer Audio.”
If Zoom Asks for a Password or Login
Zoom -- If Zoom Asks for a Password or Login
Login Issues -- or Redirect Issues
Visit the following link...
if you have login issues & are Drexel student, instructor, staff member, or faculty member
or...
if you are redirected to zoom.us from drexel.zoom.us.
Zoom -- Login or Registration or Redirect Issues
Audio Problems? Or Join by Telephone?
Zoom -- Audio Issues and Joining by Telephone
Yes, you can use Zoom if you just want a telephone-only conference call.
Covered at link above. 
Share Your Computer Display
https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us/articles/201362153-How-Do-I-Share-My-Screen-
Playing a video in Zoom?
Check ""Share computer sound"" checkbox right when you start sharing your screen.
Screen-share Shortcut
Alt + S
This shortcut allows the user to screen-share without having to find the share button
Using Zoom on Android or iPad or iPhone
Zoom -- Use on Android and iPad, iPhone, or iOS
System Requirements
Zoom -- System Requirements and If No Webcam or Microphone
Tips and Basic Troubleshooting
Zoom Troubleshooting -- Crash, Audio, Artifact, Lag, Freeze, More
Zoom Video Tutorials
https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us/articles/206618765-Zoom-Video-Tutorials
Echo Occurring?
Everyone in the same physical room as the host user should 
*mute their computer microphones and computer speaker volume.*
The host user is the exception.
The host user should NOT mute their computer microphone
and computer speakers UNLESS the host use is using a phone or speakerphone for audio.
If the host user is using a phone or speakerphone for audio,
then the host indeed should mute their computer microphone and computer speakers.
Screen Freeze or Lag? Delayed Audio?
Have all participants mute their audio
and/or shut down their video when they are not using it.
All participants should close any open applications or browser tabs
or windows they are not using during the meeting.
Closing non-essential apps
in the lower right (System Tray) in Windows
or
upper right (Menu Bar) in Mac could help as well.
Delete a Scheduled Meeting or a Recording
Zoom -- Recover Deleted Meeting or Recording
CCI Zoom Virtual Background
CCI Zoom Virtual Background
Changing Your Name in Zoom
Changing Names in Zoom
Additional Helpful Info -- Drexel VCAP's page on Zoom
https://drexel0.sharepoint.com/sites/IT-VCaPBlog/SitePages/Zoom.aspx"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Kaltura Drexel Streams
Start Here
Adding Media to Bb Learn via Kaltura or Drexel Streams
Other Pages
Kaltura Drexel Streams FAQ
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Analytics
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Adding Media to Bb Learn -- Student Instructions
Embed Kaltura Audio or Video in Any Bb Learn Text Box
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Let Others Download Videos
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Uploading Directly & Making Playable by Anyone with Link
Adding Kaltura Audio or Video to a Content Area -- Instructors Only
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Allow Downloads
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Analytics
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Captions
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Channels
Edit Video or Video Settings in Kaltura Drexel Streams
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Express Capture
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Finding Your Kaltura Audio or Video After It Is Uploaded
Kaltura Capture
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Make Others Co-Editors, Co-Publishers, or Co-Viewers of Videos
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- No Full-Screen in Firefox in Blackboard (Bb) Learn
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Quizzes in Videos
Sharing Kaltura Audio or Video with Non-Drexel Users or Share with Anyone
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Thumbnail Setting, or Setting Image Shown Before Video Is Played"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Sharing files via Microsoft Teams with Non-Drexel Email
Open Microsoft Teams and navigate to the team you want to share files with outside the organization.



Click on the Files Tab within the Team site.



Click on open in SharePoint.



Either create a new folder, or select an existing folder you want to share and click the share button. 



Click on “People you specify can edit” to bring up more sharing options.



Chose to “Share with Specific People” and choses wither or not you want them to have edit or read only access. 



Add the email address of the people you want to share the folder with 



Those recipients will receive an email similar to this with an “open” button.



Once the recipient uses the open link, the SharePoint site will present a box for a code to be entered that verifies the recipient of the email is the person accessing the files.   



After clicking the send code button, the recipient will receive another email with the code.



Enter the Code and click Verify to gain access to the files.



From here the user is all set and can access and interact with the folder you have shared with them from your teams’ site via SharePoint. "
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Zoom -- Claim Host Role during a Meeting
If you are not logging in as a host, and instead first clicking a link to join Zoom as a participant, and then want to become a host, here's what to do.
Click ""Participants"" at bottom of Zoom.

Click ""Claim Host""

Click ""Login to Claim Host.""
Click ""SSO Login with SSO.""

Enter ""drexel"" (no quotes) next to ""zoom.us.""
Then click ""Continue.""
You are now the ""host"" (and can record the meeting).
And ""Host"" now appears next to your name in the ""Participants panel."
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Zoom -- Recover Deleted Meeting or Recording
Deleted the Wrong Scheduled Meeting
On ""Meetings"" page in Zoom at https://drexel.zoom.us , click ""Recently Deleted"" in upper right, and click ""Recover"" next to deleted meeting.
You have up to 7 days to recover a deleted scheduled meeting. Then the scheduled meeting is permanently gone.
Deleted a Recording
On ""Recordings"" page in Zoom at https://drexel.zoom.us , click ""trash"" in upper right (""Settings""), and click ""Recover"" next to deleted recording.
You have up to 30 days to recover a deleted recording. Then the recording is permanently gone."
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Analytics
Stats with Analytics are Problematic
If you really want to track who watched a video, we recommend using a Kaltura Quiz, if only to have a single quiz question not more than 20 seconds before the end of the video, where a student or others confirms they watched it.
To create a Kaltura Quiz, see:
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Quizzes in Videos
Even if you ask students to disable ad blocking, privacy enhancing, fingerprint spoofing, or script disrupting plug-ins, add-ons, extensions, or built-in functionality, we've had too many instances of not being able to tell if a student completely watched a video or not.
Kaltura Quizzes on the other hand are entirely dependable.
ALSO, if you need to know through analytics the userid of a student or someone,
they need to access the video through a Bb Learn course section at https://learn.dcollege.net
or after signing into Kaltura Drexel Streams at:
https://drexel.edu/it/streams/
or...
https://1513041.mediaspace.kaltura.com/
Accessing Analytics
Find & click your video under ""My Media"" in Kaltura Drexel Streams.

Either visit https://drexel.edu/it/streams
...Or...
https://1513041.mediaspace.kaltura.com/
...Or...
=Login to Bb Learn at https://learn.dcollege.net, land on the ""Institution Page,"" click the ""Tools"" link in left navigation, click ""Kaltura My Media,"" and then click ""My Media.""

Scroll down to & click ""ACTIONS.""
Click ""Analytics.""
Review the provided analytics.
For user-specific information,
scroll down to & click ""View Engagement Per User"" link under video.
Click ""Back to media page""
in upper left in order to return to normal view of video.
Accessing Quiz Results
Find & click your video under ""My Media"" in Kaltura Drexel Streams.

Either visit https://drexel.edu/it/streams
...Or...
https://1513041.mediaspace.kaltura.com/
https://1513041.mediaspace.kaltura.com/

...Or...
Login to Bb Learn at https://learn.dcollege.net, land on the ""Institution Page,"" click the ""Tools"" link in left navigation, click ""Kaltura My Media,"" and then click ""My Media.""

Scroll down to & click ""ACTIONS.""
Click ""Analytics.""
Click ""Quiz Users"" tab/link.
Newer submissions or viewers are at the top usually,  BUT check through the last page or so of the log using the Fid command (Cmd + F or Ctrl + F) to find specific users, if necessary.
And if you don't find a specific user, then try the Accessing Analytics section above.
More Information on How to Interpret Analytics
https://knowledge.kaltura.com/help/kaltura-analytics


Troubleshooting Analytics
First, make sure when you run reports or look at the stats that you are actually looking at the stats for the current month or 2 you or time period you actually want to look at. Also, consider in the future using the quiz option to track students, rather than analytics. If you don't go with the quiz option, here's what you can send to students who claim they watched the video.
As a student, there are a couple things you can do on your end to help convince your TA or Instructor you watched the videos. None of these may prove you watched the video all the way through, but all/most combined may provide enough circumstantial evidence that you did. So do all of the suggestions below that you can.
We also have a page of suggestions for how to improve your home internet dependability, also included below, in case that was a factor.
First, visit Drexel Streams (Kaltura videos homepage for Drexel) at https://drexel.edu/it/streams and login. Click your name in the upper right. Then click ""My History."" Take a screenshot that shows the date and time you watched the one or more videos in question. This won't show you watched the videos all the way through or not, but it will confirm you clicked on them. If you're not sure how to take a screenshot, visit https://take-a-screenshot.org .
Second, visit the link below and explore your web browsing history. See if you can find not only the date/time you watched the Kaltura video in Bb Learn, and it might be an https://learn.dcollege.net link (the one where the video relies), and not a https://1513041.mediaspace.kaltura.com/ but look for instances of webpages containing both of those as the start of the URL or web address. Take screenshots. And see provide other webpage history dates/times to show you weren't going to other webpages. Use the basic photo editor built into your computer (Paint, Paint 3D, Preview) and the colored pen or marker or line or box tools to cover up webpage URLs you don't want the instructor to see (if any). You'll need to repeat this step for each video you feel you unfairly lost points on, and it will still be up to the instructor to decide if you get points or not. They do not have to give you points if they do not want to.

The following webpage may help with this. If not, Google how to find your web browser's history. Do NOT clear your cache or your history. https://www.wikihow.com/View-Browsing-History.

If you cannot find that you watched these videos in your viewing history, for future incidents like this, make sure you are not using Private or InPrivate or Incognito tabs. Make sure AdBlock or uBlock or Ghostery or other privacy enhancing extensions or add-ons are disabled. Allow cookies if you disallowed them. If you frequently clear your browsing history and cache, or use any of these other features or add-ons or extensions, you may not have the ability to find what you previously watched.

Send the screenshots you find to your TA or Instructor to make the case you watched one or more of these videos. 

Note:
It is completely your TA's or Instructor's decision whether to agree you watched a video or no. There's no backend record you or your instructor do not already have access to that will show you watched these videos. 
 Tips for more dependable WIFI or internet in your home.
https://support.cci.drexel.edu/cci-technology/quick-tech-troubleshooting-links-helping-end-users/wifi-internet-or-web-speed-issues-home-or-apartment/"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Zoom Shortcut Keys and a Fix for Mystery Muting and Pause/Resume in Zoom Mtgs
Zoom Has Shortcut Keys
Accidental entry of shortcut commands on the keyboard are the reason why your zoom meeting may accidentally mute or pause/resume recordings.
It's possible that the host/co-host may tap or hit one of these key combinations,
and you can accidentally mute/unmute yourself or the entire room (depending if you are the host or not).
You can also pause or resume recordings if you are the host.
Mac
Command(⌘)+Shift+A:
Mute/unmute audio
Command(⌘)+Control+M:
Mute audio for everyone except the host (only available to the host)
Command(⌘)+Control+U:
Unmute audio for everyone except host (only available to the host)
Space:
Push to talk
Command(⌘)+Shift+R:
Start local recording
Command(⌘)+Shift+C:
Start cloud recording
Command(⌘)+Shift+P:
Pause or resume recording
Windows
Alt+A:
Mute/unmute audio
Alt+M:
Mute/unmute audio for everyone except host
Note: For the meeting host only
Alt+R:
Start/stop local recording
Alt+C:
Start/stop cloud recording
Alt+P:
Pause or resume recording
More Zoom Key Combos
https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us/articles/205683899-hot-keys-and-keyboard-for-zoom"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
echo360 -- Accessing Lecture Recordings Outside of Bb Learn -- Students Only
Login to echo360 at https://echo360.org using your long form Drexel email address and your DrexelOne or Bb Learn password.
   (a) You will likely be provided your long form email address if these instructions are shared with you.
   (b) If you have login issues, see below for help.
            i.    Your login email address is going to be your long form Drexel email address.
                     1.  For example: Mike Galloway's long form Drexel email address is michael.j.galloway@drexel.edu. Yours may not include the middle initial and may include numbers.
            ii.   Your password is going to be your Bb Learn or DrexelOne password, unless you changed it in echo360
                     1.  If you forgot your password, or have password problems, click the ""Forgot your password?"" link on the https://echo360.org webpage.
            iii.  If you do not know your long form Drexel email address, here's how to find it.
                     1.  Method 1: Visit the Drexel Directory webpage below, and look your long form Drexel email address up using your name in last name, first name format for the search terms.
                             (a) http://drexel.edu/about/contact/
                     2.  Method 2:
                             (a) Login to Bb Learn at http://learn.drexel.edu using your DrexelOne username and password.
                             (b) Click your name in the upper right corner of the Bb Learn webpage.
                             (c) Click ""Settings, then ""Personal Information,"" then ""Edit Personal Information."" Copy your long form Drexel email address. Click ""Cancel.""
                             (d) Note that you cannot change your email address or password in Bb Learn.


Click ""DASHBOARD"" at the top left.

Click the ""Term"" drop-down menu, and select the appropriate term.

Click ""ALL CLASSES"" in the same row/area for whichever class's recordings you want to watch.

Click the date of the recording.

Click to allow/activate/run flash or other plugins (if prompted).

Close the ""Notes"" panel by clicking the X in the upper right.
If either the video or computer display video feeds are taking up the whole webpage, and you want a larger view of the other video feed, click the other video feed in the lower right-hand corner.
Computer display video feed is enlarged in screenshot below. In echo360, click the room video feed in lower-right hand corner to switch to that feed.

Room video feed is enlarged in screenshot below. In echo360, click the computer display video feed in lower-right hand corner to switch to that feed.

To exit the recording when finished:
   (a) Move mouse over the recording video window. Click menu icon in upper left. Click ""Exit Classroom.""
To log out of echo360:
   (a) Click your name in upper right. Click ""LOGOUT.""
Technical Issues?
See the following webpage if you encounter any technical issues.
Echo360 Troubleshooting Recording Playback Issues
Above link also helps with troubleshooting live video issues."
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
echo360 -- Advanced and Additional Topics
echo360 -- Accessing Lecture Recordings Outside of Bb Learn -- Instructors Only
echo360 -- Accessing Lecture Recordings Outside of Bb Learn -- Students Only
echo360 -- Attendance Unlikely to Be Affected by Recordings
echo360 -- Downloading Lecture Recordings
echo360 -- Downloading Lecture Recordings Outside of Bb Learn
echo360 -- INCLUDE
echo360 -- Interactive Features
echo360 -- Live Event Attendance Guide -- Not for Classes
echo360 -- OLD Documentation
echo360 -- Rebooting echo360 Devices in CCI Classrooms
echo360 -- Recordings Outside CCI Classrooms
echo360 -- Screen Recording from a Personal Computer
echo360 -- Sharing an Individual Class Recording -- for Instructors
echo360 -- Stats and Analytics"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
OBS Studio -- Live Streaming
ROUGH DRAFT!!!
Recommend doing just a recording first using OBS Studio. See the webpage below for instructions.
OBS Studio
If you use an external microphone, muting ""mic/aux"" is recommended to avoid echo effect in recording or streaming.
You may need to create and show a Live Video on a Page you manage for Facebook Live.
Go to ""Settings"" to adjust where videos are saved to, the format that they are saved in, and to set the live stream key and service (Facebook, YouTube).
You may want to create additional separate Google and Facebook accounts (use your own name) but with high privacy settings to do testing of Facebook Live and YouTube Live.
For Drexel CCI events, Mike Galloway will need to log you in to post on Facebook and YouTube.
https://obsproject.com/ (OBS Studio homepage and where you broadcast from)
Quick Start Doc on OBS
https://github.com/jp9000/obs-studio/wiki/OBS-Studio-Overview
Quick Start Doc on OBS Forum
https://obsproject.com/forum/resources/obs-studio-quickstart-guide.422/
Guide to the different input sources that you can use
https://github.com/jp9000/obs-studio/wiki/Sources-Guide
Facebook Live Help
https://obsproject.com/forum/resources/how-to-stream-to-facebook-live.391/
More Facebook Live Help (click ""Live Streaming"")
https://www.facebook.com/help/799185466881268/?helpref=hc_fnav
 YouTube Live Streaming Help
Note the links on the left that provide much more additional information.
https://support.google.com/youtube/answer/2474026?hl=en
OBS Resources Guides from Forums
https://obsproject.com/forum/resources/categories/guides-studio.8/"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Zoom -- Missing or Lost or Deleted Zoom Recordings
Instructions 
Login to https://drexel.zoom.us/, login if prompted.

Click ""Recordings"" in left nav.

Check under the ""Cloud Recordings"" tab first.
""Cloud Recordings"" in Drexel Zoom take 126 days to expire.
And then check the ""Local Recordings"" tab second.


Also, ""Cloud Recordings"" in Drexel Zoom are automatically backed up to Drexel Kaltura Streams at https://drexel.edu/it/streams Login if prompted
Click ""My Media."" Scroll or browse what is there.

If its old recording:
Go to your OneDrive at https://portal.office.com
and login,
and click the 9-dot-square icon in the upper left,
and click the ""OneDrive"" cloud icon.

If you still cant find the recording,
then contact zoom support zoomadmin@drexel.edu
They will able to assist to get the recording or help to retrieve it. "
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
echo360 -- Muting the Microphone during a Recording or Broadcast
See Classroom Technology -- Privacy & Audio Controls Check for Echo360 and Zoom in CCI Classroom -- Article Listing"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
echo360 -- Recordings Outside CCI Classrooms
Instructions for Personal Capture
Allows recording and editing from your Mac or Windows laptop. An instructor decides what course or section of theirs to publish to.
First, see the webpage below on how to login to echo360 directly.
echo360 -- Accessing Lecture Recordings Outside of Bb Learn -- Instructors Only
Then login directly to echo360 at http://echo360.org .
Then click the gear icon, click ""Downloads,"" choose to download ""Personal Capture,"" and download and install it.
For instructions on how to use ""Personal Capture,"" see the webpage below.
http://help.echo360.org/#t=Personal_Capture_Guides%2FPersonal_Capture_Guides.htm"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Video Assignments or Discussion Board Posts in Bb Learn
Introduction
Because Kaltura is embedded in Bb Learn, and available to students in Discussion Board posts or Assignment submissions in Bb Learn, it easily lends itself to creating assignments where you want students to record videos, and they can submit this using Discussion Board post replies or Assignment submissions.

Below is how to set this up for them, and a link to provide students to explain how they do the assignment.
Instructions using Discussion Board (Forums or Weeks)
Just have students embed videos they create into Discussion Board posts using the Kaltura tool,
or copy/pasting a link from a video they uploaded to Drexel Streams into a Discussion Board post.
You can set 1 or more Discussion Board forums on the Discussion Board page to be gradeable.
Use Grade by Forum when editing DB options.
You have to edit the options for each forum individually. :-(
If you are not sure how to create or edit a Discussion Board forum, in a Week or content area or otherwise, see:
Discussion Boards -- Creating, Modifying and Hiding Forums
Once you have a Discussion Board assignment created,
send the following instructions to your students,
and just direct them to use the Kaltura tool to post or reply there with their video.
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Adding Media to Bb Learn -- Student Instructions
They do NOT upload a file as an attachment directly to the post or in the reply!!!
They need to use the Kaltura tool, which is easily accessible here.
Instructions using Bb Learn Assignments
Just have students embed videos when they click the Bb Learn Assignment submission link.
They do NOT upload a file as an attachment directly to the post or in the reply!!! They need to use Kaltura.
Here's how to create or edit a Bb Learn Assignment:
Bb Learn Assignments -- Creating and Modifying Assignments
Once you have a Bb Learn assignment created,
send the following instructions to your students,
and just direct them to use the Kaltura tool to post or reply there with their video.
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Adding Media to Bb Learn -- Student Instructions
They do NOT upload a file as an attachment in their assignment submission!!!
They need to use the Kaltura tool, which is easily accessible here.
DU IT's Instructions - Kaltura using Bb Learn Assignments
DU IT's ""Submit a Video from Drexel Streams as an Assignment in Blackboard Learn""
https://drexel.edu/it/help/a-z/kaltura/tutorials/#SubmitBB"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Zoom not working and Troubleshooting
Basic Troubleshooting
Make sure webcam is not covered.
Uninstall Zoom completely from the computer Zoom isn't working on.
How to uninstall in Windows 10.
Download & install Zoom again.
Use the SSO or Single-sign on option to sign in.
Screenshare Shortcut Key
If someone cannot figure out how to screenshare, especially if you are trying to assist them, tell them to use the following shortcut key combination
Alt + S
Tell them to press and hold the Alt key. And then keep the Alt key held down, while they tap the S key once. Repeat these instructions slowy for a non-tech savvy user.
This shortcut allows the user to screen-share without having to find the share button
Echoes and Sound Artifacts
If possible, use a headset with a microphone, or AirPods or very good alternatives.
NO cheap bluetooth headphones with mics!
Your own external speakers play audio that the microphone picks up.
And others in the meeting could have the same thing going on.
It's a lot for echo cancellation to handle at times.
AirPods or headsets reduce what microphones pick-up, except for your own voice.
Everyone in the same physical room as the host user
should *mute their computer microphones and computer speaker volume.*

The host user is the exception.
The host user should NOT mute their computer microphone and computer speakers...
UNLESS the host use is using a phone or speakerphone for audio.
Then the host indeed should mute their computer microphone & computer speakers.
Zoom Lags or Freezes or Audio is Delayed
Try one or more of these suggestions.
All hosts, presenters, panelists, or participants:
mute your audio if you are not speaking much.
All hosts, presenters, panelists, or participants:
turn off your video, unless truly needed.
Instructors or others requiring video to appear may need to be flexible on that requirement.
If someone is screen sharing, have that person stop,
and adjust the resolution on their computer to 1920 x 1080p (or i) or below.
Then re-share screen.
Any scaling you choose is fine.
Close any open applications or browser tabs or windows not needed for the meeting.
Closing non-essential apps in the lower right (System Tray) in Windows,
or upper right (Menu Bar) in Mac, if you can.
Click the ^ in Windows (lower right) and right-click.
Close any messaging apps, Adobe apps, Microsoft apps not needed for this meeting.
Leave the Zoom meeting.
Update the Zoom app installed on your computer.
Re-enter the meeting.
Try updating Zoom. See link below.
Zoom Updating or Updates
Participants on their own personal WiFi network
might to try shutting down any other devices
on their personal WiFi network
to increase the overall available bandwidth.
Recovering a Deleted a Scheduled Meeting or a Recording
Zoom -- Recover Deleted Meeting or Recording
Invalid Meeting ID or Invalid Meeting Number Error
Zoom -- Invalid Meeting ID or Invalid Meeting Number
Zoom Crashes
Try one or more of these suggestions.
See what we suggest in the Zoom Lags or Freezes or Audio is Delayed section above.
If you are using another application, and Zoom is crashing:
uninstall/reinstall that application.
Use with OneNote has been an issue at times. Close OneNote.
Close and use less than 8 tabs in whatever web browser you have. 
Removing unknown or unused add-ons and extensions and clearing cache/history can help.
Link below has instructions.
Clear Browser Cache & History.
Do not use ""Gallery"" mode. It is resource intensive.
More info:
https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us/articles/201362323-Changing-the-video-layout-Active-Speaker-View-and-Gallery-View-
Uninstall & reinstall Zoom.
Reboot your device.
In the Zoom app, go to
Settings > Video Settings > Advanced.
Under ""Use hardware acceleration for"", uncheck ALL option.
If you still have problems after trying all the above,
try to change ""Video Rendering Method"" to ""Direct3D11.""
You may also want to Google this:
Best Zoom Video Rendering Method
and include the make, model, and/or OS of your computer in the search phrase.
If the above does not help, doing a more thorough update of drives, BIOS,
and such can help in Windows.
See link below.
Properly Update Windows 10 & Drivers in Windows 10
If nothing above helps, or you need other help with Drexel CCI classes or meetings, please reach out to ihelp@drexel.edu for further assistance."
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
CCI Faculty and Staff -- Work from Home
The following are information & how-to resources for Drexel CCI staff if they need to work from home.
If you need any assistance: 
For all general technical questions, email ihelp@drexel.edu .
For questions related to Blackboard (Bb) Learn, reach out instead to Mike Galloway, CCI Tech Svcs Mng, at mjg88@drexel.edu .
The above contacts are for Drexel College of Computing & Informatics (CCI) faculty, instructors, professional staff, and students ONLY!
Note: The left panel can be expanded for more resources. Also, some links on some pages when clicked will expand to show more resources on a webpage.
Check Telephone Voicemail Off-Campus
And other voicemail-related tasks.
CCI Faculty and Staff -- Work from Home -- Check Telephone Voicemail Off-Campus
Forwarding Telephone
CCI Faculty and Staff -- Work from Home -- Forwarding Telephone
VPN Set-up
Remotely connect to the Drexel network to access any online resources that only work on Drexel's network.
VPN
Access Drexel E-mail Off-Campus
If you need to check email from a personal computer. This is a secure way to do this.
Outlook -- Web or Internet Browser
Zoom and Bb Collaborate Ultra for Virtual Meetings and Classes
Zoom - Usable but less suited for use with Bb Learn course sections. Ideal for every other type of meeting.
Bb Collaborate Ultra - More suited for virtual meetings, office hours, and classes with Bb Learn course sections.
Need HIPAA compliant methods of meeting remotely or virtually?
Try Zoom HIPAA Private Mode.
See Zoom -- HIPAA Private Mode
ccirepo Shared and Personal File Server, Web Server, Web Page Access
ccirepo Shared and Personal File Server, Web Server, Web Page Access
Office 365 -- OneDrive
Office 365 -- OneDrive
Remote Desktop Access to Remote Computer
Drexel CCI Remote Desktop Access to Work Computer"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Joining a Zoom Meeting
See Zoom -- Joining a Zoom Meeting"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Capture
Tagged with: audio capture
Introduction
Great for voice-over PowerPoint presentations, Kaltura Capture lets you record anything you do on your computer screen as a video with audio. Kaltura Capture is an option within the Kaltura tool in Bb Learn, or within Drexel Streams. Once you stop the recording, you can easily upload to Bb Learn via the Kaltura tool.  Or to Drexel Streams, from which you can either upload to Bb Learn or share in other ways.
ExpressCapture is NOT the same thing as Kaltura Capture. You cannot screen record with ExpressCapture.
Advantage of Kaltura Capture?  The videos you make and upload to Kaltura or Drexel Streams and use in Bb Learn can allow viewers or students to make either the webcam video or the recorded screen video the larger or the more primary focus in the video at any time. 
Quick Instructions -- Bb Learn
Enter a Bb Learn course section at https://learn.drexel.edu . Click ""Courses."" Click your course.
Enter a ""Week"" or other content area in the Bb Learn course section.
Click ""Build Content"" > ""Kaltura Media"" > ""+Add Media"" > ""Kaltura Capture.""
Follow the on-screen instructions.
Alternative Quick Instructions -- Drexel Streams
Visit Drexel Streams at https://drexel.edu/it/streams .
Click ""+Add Media"" > ""Kaltura Capture.""
Follow the on-screen instructions.
To add to Bb Learn after recording & uploading to Drexel Streams:
Enter a Bb Learn course section at https://learn.drexel.edu . Click ""Courses."" Click your course.
Enter a ""Week"" or other content area in the Bb Learn course section.
Click ""Build Content"" > ""Kaltura Media"" > ""+Add Media"" 
Quick Troubleshooting
Kaltura Capture has been a memory HOG in the past. The issue has been reported and may be resolved on some OS's or browsers. 
However, you may want to close non-essential applications before using Kaltura Capture.
And disable any ad blockers or privacy enhancing web browser plug-ins or add-ons for the Bb Learn and Drexel Streams websites, if you use any.
Also, open the applications you need for your recording before you start recording. Outlook, for example, in the past would't open while Kaltura Capture was in use. It had to be opened previously.
And if you run into persistent issues, try the other alternatives below for making screen recordings.
Recording Video on a Computer and Adding to Bb Learn -- aka Screen Record
In-Depth Instructions
Login to Kaltura Drexel Streams at https://drexel.edu/it/streams 
On the Drexel Streams webpage, click ""ADD NEW,"" then ""Kaltura Capture.""
 
If prompted if it's okay to use KalturaCaptura to open this link, click ""Open KalturaCaptura,"" or ""OK"" or ""Yes.""

If you haven't used KalturaCapture yet on this computer, click the link below for help installing it.
Click either ""Download for Windows"" or ""Download for Mac,"" depending on whether you are on Windows or a Mac.

Install KalturaCapture as you normally install a Mac or Windows program.
If necessary, repeat steps 4 and 5 above
When the KalturaCapture control panel opens:
Set whether to record from your computer display, webcam, and/or microphone.
To set to record your computer display.
Make sure the computer display icon is blue (and NOT crossed out).
There are multiple images below.
Here, the computer display icon is blue, meaning your computer display will be recorded.

Here, the computer display icon is gray and crossed out, meaning your computer display will NOT be recorded.

Click ^ to select a different display to record from, if you have multiple monitors or a connected projector.

You can select a part of your screen to capture too. Click ""Select Area.""
You can select your screen capture size if you wish.
To set to record from your webcam.
Make sure the camera icon is blue (and NOT crossed out).
If you want, select another connected or built-in camera to record from, if available.
There are multiple images below.
Here, the camera icon is blue, meaning your webcam will record video.
Also, if you have 2 webcams connected, you can choose to record from the other webcam or camera.

Here, the camera icon is gray and crossed out, meaning your webcam will NOT record video.

Click ^ to select a different webcam, if another one is built-in or connected to your computer, to record from.
Monitors or projectors may appear as choices here too.

To set to record audio.
Make sure the microphone icon is blue (and NOT crossed out).
Also, check the audio level indicator under the microphone moves when you talk.
There are multiple images below.
Here, the microphone icon is blue, meaning audio will be recorded.
Check that the audio level indicator moves up and down (series of small ovals under the microphone icon) to make sure audio is being picked up.

Here, the microphone icon is gray and crossed out, meaning your computer display will NOT be recorded.

Click ^ to select a different microphone, if you have a different one connected or built-in, to record from.
Microphones can often appear as ""Unknown USB Audio Device.""

To record, click the red circle in the control panel.
 
3-second countdown starts immediately. Then you will be recording.
A mini control panel appears for pausing/stopping the recording.
 
This mini control panel does not appear in the screen recording.
 
Make your screen recording or voice-over PowerPoint or similar video.
Ignore errors that save low on disk space, but note that some applications may not run
Press the white square or stop icon to stop the recording.
 
You can then choose to ""Delete, Save and Upload, or Save the recording.
Just ""Save"" will save the recording to your computer locally. The recording cannot easily be placed elsewhere.
""Delete"" will delete/discard the recording.
(RECOMMENDED) ""Save and Upload"" will save and upload the recording Drexel Streams or Drexel's Kaltura, where you can add it to one or more Bb Learn course shells.
Add a title. Add a description is wish. Recommend adding tags that included the course this recording is for (if it's for a course), like CI-101, CS 283, INFO 400, etc.

See the webpage below for how to add your recording to Bb Learn
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Adding Media to Bb Learn
Express Capture -- An Option if No Screen Recording is Needed
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Express Capture
Captions -- Auto-Generated
Captions
Troubleshooting
Ignore errors that save low on disk space, but note that some applications may not run
If you run into some issue with uploading your recording, or with making your recording, using Kaltura Capture, here's how you often can find the recording video file or files stored locally on your own computer.
On a Mac:
Open up a Finder window (any window showing files or folders).
Click ""Go"" menu.
Click ""Connect to Server.""
Copy or type in the following in the ""Go to the folder"" window.
~/Library/Preferences/Kaltura/Capture/Recordings
Click ""Go.""
Look for your video recording.
C:\Users\[computer_username]\AppData\Local\Kaltura\Capture\Recordings\
Low Volume/Hard-to-hear Audio?
If you are having trouble hearing a professor due to low audio, or bad audio, one possible work-around solution to try is to download/install the Chrome web browser and install the ""Volume Master"" extension from the Chrome Web Store at the link below.
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/volume-master/jghecgabfgfdldnmbfkhmffcabddioke
We cannot find a similar link for Firefox as of yet. The above link has a good chance of working for other Chrome-based web browsers, such as the new Microsoft Edge and the Brave web browser, as well, which may be less resource intensive on your computer."
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Zoom -- Scheduling for Someone Else -- Recording Access
The original Host of the meeting, or person whose Zoom account was used to schedule the meeting, is the only one who can access and share the recordings.
And in this situation, we recommend Record to Cloud.
The original Host or above person is the ONLY one who can share the recording with others.
However, alternative hosts and those with scheduling privileges can get email notices that this recording is ready under the original Host's account.
Again, alternative hosts cannot actually access the recordings, nor can those with scheduling privileges on behalf of the original Host. Only the Host can access the recordings and actually share them.
But alternative hosts and those with scheduling privileges can get an email when that recording is ready under the original Host's account.
Here's how.
Have the original Host visit https://drexel.zoom.us and sign in.
Click Settings > Meeting [not Meetings] > Email Notifications.
Make sure ""When a cloud recording is available"" is switched on under ""Email Notification.""
Check either or both of the following, depending on who you want to get email notifications:
""Send a copy to the person who scheduled the meeting/webinar for the host.""
""Send a copy to the Alternative Hosts.""
2 screenshots provided below."
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Finding Your Kaltura Audio or Video After It Is Uploaded
There are 4 ways to see your upload Kaltura Drexel Streams videos.
Visit https://drexel.edu/it/streams , and login. Click ""My Media.""
Visit https://1513041.mediaspace.kaltura.com/ , and login. Click ""My Media.""
Visit Bb Learn at https://learn.dcollege.net , and click ""Sign In Standard"" > ""Tools"" (in left navigation panel) > ""Kaltura My Media.""
Visit DrexelOne at https://one.drexel.edu , login, click ""CAMPUS+COMMUNITY"", scroll down to ""Drexel Streams.""
If you are a Co-Editor, Co-Publisher, or Co-Viewer rather then the original uploader:
Steps #1 & #2 will likely work best.
And you may need to click ""Filters"" and choose 1 or more ""Ownership"" options.
For example: ""Media I Can Publish"" or ""Media I Can Edit."""
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
If Zoom Asks for a Password or Login
Try This First
Everyone at Drexel has a Zoom Pro account. Just visit https://drexel.zoom.us , and login with DrexelOne userid/email and password.
Open the Zoom application/program on your computer.
Not the link.
The Zoom application or program itself on your computer.
It’s with all your other applications/programs.
Look in Start menu or Windows menu in Windows for the Zoom app.
Look in Spotlight Search or Finder>Applications or Launchpad on Mac for the Zoom app.
With the Zoom app open on your computer:
Click your initials in the upper right (or your profile pic).
Sign out.
*Now* when you sign in, use the “SSO” or “Sign In with SSO” option.
Enter “drexel.zoom.us” or “drexel” in front of “zoom.us”, if prompted.
Click the Zoom link again.
If you *STILL* get a password prompt:
Look in the email or calendar event that has the Zoom link for a password.
Or ask the instructor or meeting host or contact person for the password.
Video Instructions
It can help if you follow the video instructions first.
https://1513041.mediaspace.kaltura.com/media/Zoom+--+Signing+into+the+Zoom+App+with+your+Drexel+Login+using+SSO/1_si5nvwhb
Written Instructions with Screenshots
Zoom asks for a password or login in 1 of 2 ways.
1st Way:
If Zoom ask for a password like image below:
Look in provided email, or in your Bb Learn course section if for a class.
Or ask instructor or meeting host or scheduler for password.
Proceed no further here.

2nd Way:
If Zoom asks for a password like image below,
then follow the 7-step instructions below.

Below are the 7-step instructions.
If this is after the meeting.
Click the original meeting link again after then meeting. It generally will work still.
Click ""Open Zoom Meetings."" Or ""Open zoom .us.""

Windows:


Mac:


Click ""Sign in to Join.""


Click ""Sign in with SSO.""
Or click ""SSO"" or ""SSO Sign in with SSO"" or the like.


Type in drexel next to "".zoom.us.""
And click ""Continue.""


Enter your Drexel USER ID and PASSWORD & then click CONNECT.


Make sure ""Zoom Meetings"" or ""zoom.us"" is selected.
Check box next to ""Remember my choice..""
Click ""Open Link.""

Windows:


Mac:


Click ""Join with Computer Audio."" You're in!"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Echo360 -- Analytics
Finding Analytics in Echo360
Click the ""Class Capture"" or ""echo360 Class Recordings"" link in the left-hand course menu in your Bb Learn course. This link is shown in the example screenshot below.



Click the ""Access echo360 Class Recordings"" link as shown in the screenshot below.



Now that you are on the echo360 website, click the green arrow for the video you would like to check.
Then scroll and select the ""Details"" link as shown in the screenshot below.



Now select the ""Analytics"" tab as shown in the screenshot below.



Here you should be able to see things like view, view time, and engagement. It should similar to the screenshot below."
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Zoom -- Leave Computer Audio
Introduction
When supporting events or using speakers, we often run the Zoom meeting from the Windows ""tiny PC"" in the conference room's or classroom's podium or lectern. 
Then we have the guest speaker join without audio. Why? So they don't have to connect anything for AV. 
But also...This allows other people in the room to present more easily from their own laptops (multiple-presenter scenario). Zoom meetings would otherwise require massive delays between each presentation, disconnecting one speaker's laptop and then connecting another. 
CCI Commons Student Assistants (SA's) will ask at the start of a presentation if anyone else needs to present and set them up in Zoom using these instructions. 
This page explains how to do this for both new Student Assistants & people running Zoom meetings themselves.
Instructions
There are *7* steps!
Open the Zoom browser or application & start a Zoom meeting.
When the meeting starts, a pop-up will prompt you about Computer Audio, click the 'X' icon or close the pop-up.
Windows 10/11 screenshot below.


Mac screenshot below.
  Another pop-up will ask if 'you want to continue without audio?' Select the 'Continue' button.
Next to the 'mute'/microphone icon on the bottom bar, click the '^' button.
Click the 'Leave Computer Audio' button on the list of settings after completing the previous step.  
 The bottom bar will have a 'Join Audio'/headphone icon appear. 

 Now you have successfully disconnected from your computer's audio on Zoom."
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Zoom -- Confirm Licensed Zoom Pro Login in Zoom App
The screenshot below shows where you can check to see if your are logged into Zoom Pro or a ""Licensed"" Zoom account in the Zoom app installed on your computer.
All faculty, instructors, staff, and students have access to Zoom Pro (licensed) account.
If you do not see something like the screenshot below, or are unsure how to get to the screenshot below, simply follow the ""Quick Instructions"" at the link below."
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Zoom -- Managing Users, Privacy, and Security Measures
Good Steps You Can Take to Be More Secure
There are several easy steps you can take, all optional, to increase privacy and security.
Enabling these features with a class or a large meeting will make it more difficult for students to enter.
Assign passwords in meetings with Drexel & non-Drexel people 
or require Drexel authentication if the meeting is all Drexel faculty/staff/students.
Drexel authentication means only Drexel Zoom account users can join.
Passwords allow Drexel & non-Drexel people to join the Zoom meeting, if they have the password.

Turn on Enable Waiting Room.
You will have to allow attendees in as they arrive.
Great for office hours.
Login to https://drexel.zoom.us > click ""Sign In Standard"" > ""Meetings"" >
""Schedule a Meeting"" > ""Waiting Room"" > ""Save.""

Turn off Join Before Host (if you are not using Waiting Room).
Login to https://drexel.zoom.us > click ""Sign In Standard"" > ""Meetings"" >
""Schedule a Meeting"" > ""Show"" next to ""Options"" at bottom >
uncheck ""Allow participants to join anytime"" > ""Save.""

Turn off Automatically Record to the Cloud.

For individual meetings:
Login to https://drexel.zoom.us > click ""Sign In Standard"" > ""Meetings"" >
""Schedule a Meeting"" > ""Show"" next to ""Options"" at bottom >
uncheck ""Automatically record meeting"" > ""Save.""

For all meetings:
Login to https://drexel.zoom.us > click ""Sign In Standard"" > ""Settings"" >
click toggle right/blue for ""Automatic Recordings.""

Restrict screen sharing to host.

Login to https://drexel.zoom.us > click ""Sign In Standard"" > ""Meetings"" >
search for ""Screen sharing"" > ""Host Only"" for both options > ""Save.""
Revert back later if needed for future meetings.

Do NOT use your ""Personal Room"" for most meetings. 
Just for meetings with co-workers of less than handful of people.

Direct Drexel students/staff/faculty to ensure they are logged in to Drexel Zoom Pro account.
Zoom -- SSO Single Sign-On and Host Sign-In
Other optional settings are at:
Login to https://drexel.zoom.us > click ""Sign In Standard"" > ""Meetings"" > ""Schedule a meeting.""
Click ""Save"" at bottom to save settings.

Login to https://drexel.zoom.us > click ""Sign In Standard"" > ""Meetings"" > ""Personal Room"" > ""Edit.""
Set settings for  your personal meeting id room.
Click ""Save"" at bottom to save settings.

Login to https://drexel.zoom.us > click ""Sign In Standard"" > ""Settings.""
Settings here are auto-saved instantly when changed.
Very Large Meetings -- Webinars
Zoom -- Webinars for Large Virtual Meetings or Talks or Lectures
Managing Users and Kicking Out Troublesome Participants
The following webpage explains how to manage participants, including removing participants.
https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us/articles/115005759423-Managing-participants-in-a-meeting
Ask your students to help identify troublemakers as well.
Lock the Zoom Meeting after 5-10 Minutes 
This is another highly recommended step, especially for classes.
Helpful Video
https://youtu.be/sOehb1M5XS8
To do this, when you are Host in a Zoom Meeting:
Click ""Manage Participants"" > ""More"" > ""Lock Meeting"".
OR SEE NEXT SECTION FOR EASIER WAY TO LOCK ROOMS.
Zoom Security Icon in Meeting

The Security icon lets you ""Lock Meeting"" and ""Enable Waiting Room,""
or control if students/participants can Share Screen, Chat, & Rename Themselves.
Update the Zoom Application
Mac:
Enter your Applications folder in Finder or Spotlight Search:
Click ""zoom .us"" menu in upper left.
Click ""Check for Updates.""
Windows:
Open the Start menu or Windows menu in lower left:
Click your initials or picture in upper right of Zoom.
Click ""Check for Updates.""
Additional instructions and help:
https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us/articles/201362233-Where-Do-I-Download-The-Latest-Version-
Think for 2 Seconds Before You Click That Zoom Link
Never click Zoom or other links if the email address or message, or links look at all strange.
ALL Drexel Zoom links should start with: 
https://drexel.zoom.us
**NOT*& https://zoom1.us or https://dr3xel.zoom.us , etc.
HIPAA Private Mode
If you need to be concerned about HIPAA.
Zoom -- HIPAA Private Mode"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
FlipGrid
There’s no college-wide or university-wide licensing with FlipGrid, or accounts for that, but FlipGrid is owned by Microsoft, so sign up with your Drexel account and it seems to just let you use it as a Instructor if you do so.
There are free educator accounts available to you if you use the “Sign up with Microsoft” and enter your Drexel usrerid (for example: mjg88@drexel.edu ).
https://auth.flipgrid.com/educator

Here’s the “Getting Started: Educators” webpage.
https://help.flipgrid.com/hc/en-us/articles/360051539934-Getting-Started-Educators
Here’s the “Getting Started: Students” webpage.
https://help.flipgrid.com/hc/en-us/articles/360051542894-Getting-Started-Students

Create a Group in FlipGrid.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zDAiknNJbNw&t=66s




More “Getting Started” help.
https://help.flipgrid.com/hc/en-us/sections/360009390954-Getting-Started
What is FlipGrid article from Tech Learning
https://www.techlearning.com/how-to/what-is-flipgrid-and-how-does-it-work-for-teachers-and-students
Teams integration


Topics



Adding audio/video"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Video Recording, Editing, and/or Adding to Bb Learn -- aka Screen Record
What is a Screen Recorder?
Screen recorders record your computer/laptop/mobile display, along with audio from when you speak. Webcam video optionally can be added as well. You can make voice-over PowerPoint presentation videos, or demos of whatever you want that is showing on your computer/laptop/mobile display.
Quick Tips:
Drexel CCI students can store (and are encouraged to store) videos for classes in Kaltura. To help create that video, screen recorders and editors provided below.
Zoom is a fine screen recorder: Hold a meeting with just yourself, and record to the cloud.
Kaltura’s screen recorder is awful (memory issues).
Kaltura does have limited editing abilities that can be useful, but extensive editing is not advised.
Other great free screen recording and editing options provided below.
Screen Recording Options
macOS's Shift+Command+5 keyboard shortcut
Excellent simple screen recorder 
mac OS Cmd-Shift-5 screen recorder
Mac only. 
Limited editing.
Use Kaltura Drexel Streams for long-term storage.
See Adding Media to Bb Learn via Kaltura or Drexel Streams
FlashBack Express Screen Recorder
Excellent simple screen recorder
FlashBack Express - Free Screen Recorder
No editing. 
Windows only.
Use Kaltura Drexel Streams for long-term storage.
See Adding Media to Bb Learn via Kaltura or Drexel Streams
Zoom
Zoom -- Recording
Use the popular video conferencing tool to just have a meeting by yourself (or with friends) & record your screen.
Windows/Mac/Linux. 
No REAL editing. Just adds skip points.
If you download the video or look at it in Kaltura or Drexel Streams, your edits in Zoom will be gone.
Use Kaltura Drexel Streams for long-term storage.
See Adding Media to Bb Learn via Kaltura or Drexel Streams
Bb Collaborate Ultra
Bb Collaborate Ultra
Windows/Mac/Linux. 
No editing.
Use the built-in Bb Learn video conferencing tool to just have a meeting by yourself (or with friends) and record your screen.
Current quarter recordings are stored within each Bb Learn course section.
Use Kaltura Drexel Streams for long-term storage.
See Adding Media to Bb Learn via Kaltura or Drexel Streams
Other Screen Recorders & Video Editors
In order of what we recommend for use.
Camtasia
Excellent screen recorder & excellent robust video editor
Camtasia
Windows/Mac. Screen records and edits.
Available to all Drexel faculty, active adjuncts, and staff. Not students.
Use Kaltura Drexel Streams for long-term storage.
See Adding Media to Bb Learn via Kaltura or Drexel Streams
Echo360
Excellent video storage solution. Video editor disabled
echo360 -- Uploading Video and Polling or Adding a Quiz
Very good video storage solution. Editing disabled.
Windows/Mac/Linux. 
Works through the web browser in Bb Learn.
Screen recording is possible as well. Contact ihelp@drexel.edu if you need that.
Kaltura Drexel Streams
Good video storage solution & decent simple video editor
Kaltura Drexel Streams
Video editor and storage is all we recommend. Not the screen recorder. 
Also, not recommended for extensive video edits, especially on large videos. Quick edits, especially on shorter videos, usually works fine. 
For quick edits, see Edit Video or Video Settings in Kaltura Drexel Streams.
Windows/Mac/Linux. Works through the web browser in Bb Learn or Drexel Streams site. Video storage solution.
Lightworks
Good video editor & screen recorder
Lightworks video editor
Windows/Mac/Linux. Edits video and screen records.
Use Kaltura Drexel Streams for long-term storage.
See Adding Media to Bb Learn via Kaltura or Drexel Streams
DaVinci Resolve
Excellent and very robust video editor
DaVinci Resolve Video Editor
Windows/Mac/Linux. 
Only edits video. Does NOT do screen recording.
Use Kaltura Drexel Streams for long-term storage.
See Adding Media to Bb Learn via Kaltura or Drexel Streams
OBS Studio
Excellent screen recorder & video recorder
OBS Studio
Windows/Mac. 
Screen recorder ONLY. 
Completely free. Intended for higher end video production or live video streaming. But very usable for individual screen recording.
Use Kaltura Drexel Streams for long-term storage.
See Adding Media to Bb Learn via Kaltura or Drexel Streams
VoiceThread
Video assignment tool. A lot of headaches in our experience.
VoiceThread
Windows/Mac/Linux. 
Works in a web browser within Bb Learn. 
Lets you make videos, and upload videos, but not the best option for screen recording. 
No video editing. 
ActivePresenter
Good screen recorder & good robust video editor.
ActivePresenter Screen Recorder
Windows/Mac. Screen records and edits. Free for personal and non-commercial use.
Use Kaltura Drexel Streams for long-term storage.
See Adding Media to Bb Learn via Kaltura or Drexel Streams
OpenShot
Good robust video editor.
OpenShot Video Editor
Windows/Mac/Linux, screen records and edits. Completely free.
Use Kaltura Drexel Streams for long-term storage.
See Adding Media to Bb Learn via Kaltura or Drexel Streams
macOS's QuickTime
Good screen recorder & good simple video editor,
QuickTime
Mac only. Limited Editing.
Use Kaltura Drexel Streams for long-term storage.
See Adding Media to Bb Learn via Kaltura or Drexel Streams
Also Available Options
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Kaltura Capture
Screen recorder tool.
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Express Capture 
Video recorder tool. Cannot screen record.
Windows 10 Game Bar -- Windows Only.
Built-in to Windows.
Screen Recorder only, and only records apps. 
Tough to record desktop.
https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/help/4027180/windows-10-record-a-game-clip-with-xbox-game-bar
More instructions: 
https://beta.support.xbox.com/help/friends-social-activity/share-socialize/record-game-clips-game-bar-windows-1
Screen Recording Options -- Mobile Devices
iPhone/iPad/iOS
Excellent built-in mobile screen recorder.
Record Screen on iPad, iPhone, or iOS Device
Record Screen on iPad, iPhone, or iOS Device -- Older Alternative Method
Android -- AZ Screen Recorder
Excellent mobile screen recorder
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.hecorat.screenrecorder.free&hl=en
No online help here, but let Mike Galloway know if you need assistance.
Note that the free version doesn't really let you record audio.
As of 6/20/16, a $3 upgrade paid from within the app will provide audio recording capability and additional features.
Editing? Limited.
Use Kaltura Drexel Streams for long-term storage.
See Adding Media to Bb Learn via Kaltura or Drexel Streams.
Android -- Built-In Screen Recorders
Android 11 Pixel and other phones, OnePlus 6-8+ & 6T-8T+ cellphones, and newer Samsung Galaxy Phones, have a built-in screen recorder option.
Swipe down 1-2 times from the top of your Android phone, once you unlock it with passcode or fingerprint or face id, and look for the screen recorder option. Swipe left or right for additional quick setting options.
Use Kaltura Drexel Streams for long-term storage.
See Adding Media to Bb Learn via Kaltura or Drexel Streams.
Reduce Video File Size? Convert Video?
Handbrake probably has you covered. It's free & open-source.
See Handbrake -- Smaller Video File Size or Converting Video
Adding Video and Audio Files to Bb Learn
Use Kaltura Drexel Streams for long-term storage.
See Adding Media to Bb Learn via Kaltura or Drexel Streams.
Audio Issues
Configure and test your microphone and speakers/headphones by visiting the webpage below, clicking “Mic Guides,” and selecting your operating system (OS).
http://www.onlinemictest.com/
If you don’t know your operating system, visit the webpage, below and look beneath where it says “YOUR WEB BROWSER IS:”
https://www.whatismybrowser.com/
If you’re still having problems with your microphone, you might want to contact ihelp@drexel.edu or 215-895-2480, which is the general technical assistance line for CCI.
Recording or Streaming Events for CCI
If you want live events for CCI recorded or streamed on Drexel Campus, or need to borrow equipment for such events, email ihelp@drexel.edu .
Last-minute and/or disorganized requests or plans for events are likely going to be problematic to record or stream, but we'll do what we can."
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Share Audio or Video with Non-Drexel Users or Sharing with Anyone
Introduction
Drexel Streams at https://drexel.edu/it/streams lets you modify the sharing permissions to Unlisted on videos you upload and quickly copy a link you can paste into emails or anywhere to share with others. Unlisted is much better than any Published video option for this, generally. You have to UPLOAD videos to Kaltura or Drexel Streams first. For how to do that, see: Adding Media to Bb Learn via Kaltura or Drexel Streams . This is ALSO a useful way of just copy/pasting in a usable link into discussion board posts & assignment submissions in Bb Learn.If not yourself, consult with the owner/creator of the audio or video before sharing the video with Non-Drexel Users.
Instructions
Login to Kaltura Drexel Streams at https://drexel.edu/it/streams
To upload a video:
Click ""+ADD NEW"" > ""Media Upload.""
Agree to terms and conditions.
Click ""+Choose a file to upload.""
Follow on-screen instructions.
Click ""My Media.""
Search for the Kaltura video you want to share.
If you are not the video owner,
click ""View Media I Own""
to see videos where you are a publisher or editor.
Click on the video you want to share.
Click ""Actions.""
Click ""Publish.""
Select ""Unlisted.""
""Published"" does not make videos ""Public"".
Click ""Save.""
Click the ""Share"" button.
Copy the link provided and share with others via email or other methods.
Problems Uploading
Try again.
Sometimes Kaltura or Drexel Streams has flukes.
Also, close/re-open your web browser.
Or try a different web browser.
If the video is said to be incompatible or too large,
Handbrake has been the free go-to for a long time to quickly solve those issues.
See Handbrake -- Smaller Video File Size or Converting Video
More Help
Zoom Recordings -- Share or Download from Zoom or Drexel Streams (Kaltura) - Closer Look"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Thumbnail Setting, or Setting Image Shown Before Video Is Played
You can set the Thumbnail image, or the image someone sees when they see your video but before they actually click the ""Play"" arrow or triangle.
Here's how.
Find & click your video under ""My Media"" in Kaltura Drexel Streams.
For more help on finding your video, see:
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Finding Your Kaltura Audio or Video After It Is Uploaded
Scroll down to & click ""ACTIONS"" > ""Edit.""
Click ""Thumbnails.""
Get to a point of the video that you think is the best image to represent the video.
(a) Or click ""Upload Thumbnail,"" and upload your own image. Follow on-screen instructions & do not proceed further.
Click ""Capture.""


You have now set the ""Thumbnail"" image for the video.
Click the name of the video to return to the normal view, if you wish.
           "
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Handbrake -- Smaller Video File Size or Converting Video
Handbrake is a free and open-source program that reduces the file size of videos, but keeps the overall video and audio quality.
It's technically video transcoder, letting you convert video formats and other options and such, but reducing video file sizes is what many, many people use it for.
Download it from here:
https://handbrake.fr/
Once installed, click ""Open Source,"" locate the movie file and select it, click ""Add to Queue,"" and ""Start Queue.""
The bottom of the Handbrake window, between the ""Save As"" and the file name, and the ""Browse"" button, will tell you where the outputted smaller file will end up.
A notification will appear when finished to ""Put down that cockatil..."", and the converted video file will be ready, and will be a smaller file size.
If you don't like the result, click the ""Preset"" menu > ""General"" > ""HQ1080p30 Surround,"" and then do the above instructions again. Rename the old or new (""Save As"") converted movie file, or click to replace the converted movie file when prompted. This will make a smaller video file than your original still, but not quite as small as you first attempt, but with a better picture quality and audio quality."
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
DaVinci Resolve Video Editor
Video Instructions
https://1513041.mediaspace.kaltura.com/media/DaVinci+Resolve+Video+Editor/1_ami9scev
More Help
The following are from Black Magic Design, the creators of DaVinci Resolve.
Download - https://www.blackmagicdesign.com/products/davinciresolve/
Training Videos - https://www.blackmagicdesign.com/products/davinciresolve/training
Search tags: da vinci, blackmagic"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Quizzes in Videos
Video Instructions
https://1513041.mediaspace.kaltura.com/media/Kaltura+Quizzes/1_xmkjlsce
Quizzes disable the ability for students to play videos at faster speeds. You can allow skipping, but not fast play.
Camtasia Quizzes are NOT recommended. Kaltura Quizzes, explained here, should be used instead.
Tracking?
Have students access video through Bb Learn at https://learn.dcollege.net or signing into Kaltura Drexel Streams at https://drexel.edu/it/streams/ -- even with Kaltura Quizzes.
Then create a 1 question quiz where 20 seconds or so before the end of the video, students have to answer a question that confirms they watched the video all the way through.
Follow the instructions in the sections below to do so, but...
Then visit the link below to later confirm who watched a video or not.

Add Quizzes to a Video
You can add quizzes to Kaltura or Drexel Streams videos that you upload in Bb Learn. Here's how.
Visit https://drexel.edu/it/streams and login
Click ""My Media.""
Find and click the title of a video of yours.
Scroll down and click ""ACTIONS.""
Click ""Launch Editor.""
Click the cube icon or ..
Press ""Start"" to create a new quiz.
Play video or move slider or line on timeline to part of video where you want to add a quiz question.
Click ""+Add a Question"" button overlayed on video.
Choose ""Question Type,"" such as multiple choice, true-false, open-ended, or simply a reflection point where video pauses and video shows text you enter to thet student.
Follow the on-screen instructions to add your question or reflection point.
When finished, click ""Done.""
You may be asked to Save a new copy of the video.
You may want to give the video a slightly different name.
Maybe with ""quiz"" or ""analytics"" or what you will in the title.
Click ""Go to Media Page.""
Edit a Quiz in a Video
You can edit quizzes to Kaltura or Drexel Streams videos that you upload in Bb Learn. Here's how.
Visit https://drexel.edu/it/streams and login.
Click ""My Media.""
Find and click the title of a video of yours.
Scroll down and click ""ACTIONS.""
Click ""Launch Editor.""
Click the cube icon or ..
Click ""Edit Quiz.""
Click a cube icon or   on the video timeline to see and edit a particular quiz question
Click ""+Add a Question"" button overlayed on video.
Choose ""Question Type,"" such as multiple choice, true-false, open-ended, or simply a reflection point where video pauses and video shows text you enter to thet student.
Follow the on-screen instructions to add your question or reflection point.
When finished, click ""Done.""
You may be asked to Save a new copy of the video.
Click ""Go to Media Page.""
Make a Bb Learn Kaltura Quiz Assignment
This makes a grade in a Bb Learn Grade Center column. There's other ways to with some of the settings, but this is what recommend, at least initially.
Visit a ""Week"" or another content area in a Bb Learn course section.
Content areas have the ""Build Content"" & ""Assessments"" & ""Tools"" & ""Partner Content"" buttons or drop-down menus.
Click ""Assessments"" > ""Kaltura Video Quiz.""
Click ""Select"" next to an existing Kaltura video quiz you've already created.
See previous sections if you haven't created a Kaltura video quiz yet.
Give a ""Title.""
Provide a ""Description"" if you wish in the text box.
Click the icon if you need more options.
Click the icon to add a picture or file.
Set the ""Points Possible"" to a number you want.
Recommend 1 point for 1 question video viewing confirmation analytics questions.
Under ""Display of Grades,"" we recommend:
""Complete/Incomplete"" for 1 question video viewing confirmation analytics questions.
""Score"" for quizzes with multiple questions.
Click ""Submit.""
ONLY for 1 question video viewing confirmation analytics questions, do the following:
Go to ""Full Grade Center.""
Click the circled down arrow in the top row of quiz column you just made.
Scroll to the far right, if you just created it.
Click ""Edit Column Information.""
Scroll down & click ""No"" next to ""Include this column in Grade Center calculations.""
So these quizzes for analytics do not modify the overall score.
Click ""Submit.""
Additional Information:
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Quizzes in Video - Require Before Test or Assignment"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Tips for PowerPoint Presenter View in Zoom Screenshare
Introduction
This guide is to show you how to enable presenter view while screen sharing on Zoom.
This is for Windows, but if you are on a Mac, try the below,
and if you need more help, contact us at ihelp@drexel.edu
if you are a Drexel CCI student, staff, or faculty member.
If using presenter view in PowerPoint, the view where you see notes as you present,
see link below for how to do that on a laptop with no external monitor (1 screen).

Tips for Zoom Presenting
Ensure to start with Presenter view and start the presentation slide show first.
Use Alt + Tab (press and hold down tab Alt with thumb, and then tab key once with another key on the same hand, then tab again to see how to select the programs).
Go ahead and screen share in Zoom.
Note:
Make sure to tick all the boxes when screen sharing in Zoom for optimized video and audio.
Big Sur and Monterey on macOS show a different extended display
Go to apple icon > System Preferences > Display > Arrangement or similar (maybe screen icon in upper right and then Display Preferences).
Select from drop-down menu extended or mirror display.

Quick Instructions
In Zoom, go to Share, go to Advanced, and select portion of screen to share when presenting.
Presenter view is where you can see your notes when running your PowerPoint slide presentation.
This link helps further.
http://suefrantz.com/2020/07/08/powerpoint-presenter-view-in-zoom-with-one-monitor/
If you want to see switch to presenter view,
while running PowerPoint presentation:
See screenshot 1.
Stop & re-start Zoom screen share if you switch.

If you want to see chat box, you need to see the “More …” button/option.
If you don’t see ""More"", click green tab at top of screen.
See screenshot 2.

Then click “More…” button/option to see ""Chat.""
See screenshot 3.

If you need more help/info, ihelp@drexel.edu email (if you are Drexel CCI students/staff/faculty).

Zoom Screenshare with Notes or Presenter View
Steps: 
Get into you Zoom meeting as normal. Do not share screen yet.
Open up PowerPoint.
Start the Slide Show.
Press & hold the Alt key (or Option key on Mac)
Press Tab key 1 or more times to select Zoom meeting window.
Release Alt key. You're in Zoom meeting.
(You can use Alt & Tab key this way to move between any open programs or apps on your computer.)
(Or Option & Tab keys. Option and ` key will move between open windows within an app. The ` key is the backtick key, under the ~ or tilde next to 1 and 2 keys.)
When ready, share your screen in Zoom.
Select the Screen or window with the full PowerPoint Presentation slide showing.
Click Share.

Green rectangle around the screen or PPT presentation means it's sharing."
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Echo360 -- captioning and transcription work-arounds
Make sure you make internal links for the links below.

Captioning and/or Transcription cannot be turned on, as it's not a free or an at all cheap service in Echo360.
However, you can download the Echo360 videos, and then upload them to Kaltura Drexel Streams, which is available to you as a Drexel Student. Kaltura Drexel Streams will auto-caption something in 24 hours. Best we can offer. Links to instructions below.
echo360 -- Downloading Lecture Recordings
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Captions"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
QuickTime -- Basics
Mac only, edits video (limited editing).
Pre-installed on Macs and found under Applications.
Video Instructions
Video -- QuickTime Streams Screen Recorder
Help (Scroll down to the ""Record your screen"" section):
https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT201066
Record computer display and audio *OR* webcam and audio are defaults.
To record audio, see screenshot below where I've circled the arrow you need to click to select your microphone.

Record webcam *and* computer display work-around: Click ""File > New Movie Recording,"" position the movie recording window and re-size it and set it to float on top via ""View > Float on Top"". Then click ""File > New Screen Recording” and make a screen recording.
Editing? Limited. Can trim unnecessary content from beginning or end of video.
Adding video or audio to Bb Learn? See link below (Recordings automatically uploaded to Drexel Streams):
Adding Media to Bb Learn via Kaltura or Drexel Streams
ONLY Instructors and Professional Staff can do this. Students cannot.
Providing captioning for videos you create is highly recommended.
See Captions."
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Make Others Co-Editors, Co-Publishers, or Co-Viewers of Videos
Instructions
If you want to allow someone to edit your videos, or add your videos to their own Bb Learn course sections, or simply find and view it in Kaltura Drexel Streams...
Do the following 6 steps:
IMPORTANT: Whoever is being made a co-editor or co-publisher or co-viewer must have visited the Kaltura Drexel Streams website ONCE.
(a) And then you can make them a co-editor or co-publisher or co-viewer.
(b) If the other person(s) has visited Kaltura Drexel Streams already, proceed to step #2.
They do NOT need to do so every time someone wants to make them a co-editor or co-publisher or co-viewer. They just need to have done this once EVER.
(c) If the other person(s) have not visted Kaltura Drexel Streams:
Tell them to go to Kaltura Drexel Streams at:
https://drexel.edu/it/streams/
or...
https://1513041.mediaspace.kaltura.com/
& login.
Then you can proceed with step #2 below.

Click ""My Media.""


Click ""ACTIONS,"" and click ""Edit.""


Click ""Collaboration,"" and click ""+Add Collaborator.""
(a) Check ""Co-Editor"" and/or ""Co-Publisher"" or ""Co-Viewer.""
(b) ""Co-Editor"" means they can make changes to the video or its settings.
(c) ""Co-Publisher"" means they can publish the video a Bb Learn course section, or elsewhere.
 

Click ""Add.""


The other person should now appear under Media Collaborators, and will be able to edit your video, or publish it to your Bb Learn course section.
Send This to Co-Editors & Co-Publishers
Send co-editors & co-publishers the following page for how to find and/or edit a Kaltura Video or its settings or publishing.
Kaltura Drexel Streams
Co-Publishers cannot edit video or video settings."
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Troubleshooting Teams
Sometimes, Microsoft Teams will not open properly on the desktop app, or will open but won't function properly. Below are ways to troubleshoot this issue: 
Sign out of Teams, and sign- in 
Update Teams: https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/office/update-microsoft-teams-535a8e4b-45f0-4f6c-8b3d-91bca7a51db1
Uninstall and Reinstall Teams 
Clear the Teams cache: https://answers.microsoft.com/en-us/msteams/forum/all/clear-cache/0810ce4f-af14-4269-b01f-adc89a0af4c4
If the above does not resolve the issue, please an email to ihelp@drexel.edu for further assistance.
To test your microphone, refer to this page: Quick Links for Helping End Users -- Testing Audio"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Making Class Recordings Unavailable
If you now set Echo360 class capture recording that is still processing to be unavailable, it will be unavailable still when it finishes processing.
First, click the ""echo360 Class Capture"" link in your course, and enter the Echo360 page in your course
If you have never done this before, see the following webpage. And then return here.
echo360 -- First Use in Bb Learn
Then, to make the recording unavailable, see the following link.
http://help.echo360.org/index.htm#t=Instructor_Guide%2FIGTopics%2FWorking_with_Content%2FMaking_Content_Unavailable_to_Students.htm"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Zoom -- Attendance - Usage Reports
Introduction
You generally want the ""Usage"" option under ""Usage Reports"" in the ""Reports"" area of https://drexel.zoom.us
If have you everyone register for a Zoom, which for classes isn't that helpful, try ""Meeting.""
But the ""Usage"" reports under ""Usage Reports"" can be very helpful for most Zoom meetings. Instructions below.
Instructions
Go to https://drexel.zoom.us , click “Sign in Standard,”
& enter your Drexel userid & password.
Click “Reports” > “Usage”
“Usage” should be under “Usage Reports.”
Use the calendar icons to set a start date & end date.
Then click “Search.”
Click the blue # or number link
under the “Participants” column for the class or meeting in question.
More Help
https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us/articles/216378603-Generating-Meeting-Reports-for-Registration-and-Polling"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Lightworks video editor
Lightworks is a free-to-use video editor. You get a 7-day trial and then you must register to continue using. It is completely free to continue using, as long as you register. 
Kevin personally uses Lightworks for smaller video projects and Adobe Premiere Pro for multiple larger video projects (especially if they require multiple tracks, effects, and quality+performance is very important) because renders can be queued.

Below are two great video links, with timestamps as well so you can easily look up the stuff you want with a video tutorial.
Lightworks - Tutorial for Beginners in 10 MINUTES! [ 2020 Updated ]
Lightworks 14 2018 Tutorial - Designed for Beginners (This is 30 minutes, but this is what Kevin used to learn Ligthworks in 30 minutes 1.5x speed).

This is the initial screen, you can Create a new project.. in the top left
Frame rate you can set to auto, but sometimes its good to set it to 30 or 60fps because some video capture devices (like GPUs) like to have variable frame rate.
Create a video project. Set the name and framerate.

Import audio and video files in the LOG tab. Bottom left of LOG tab you'll see ""Local Files"" where you can select multiple files and import them.

Edit the video in the EDIT tab, drag your audio/video files onto the track. Slide the red vertical bar to adjust current video position, hit the DEL key to make a cut. Right-click any clips to remove/delete and change their audio speed.

Add video effects in the VFX tab by dragging your effect component onto the clip that you want to apply it on.

Add audio effects in the AUDIO tab, but it's the same deal as VFX. You can also set volume caps/thbresholds for each track in the top right. LR is the master audio, meaning changing LR will change the audio output of ALL tracks. Change the audio level of a track by sliding up/down the dotted line of an audio track. You can also fade-in/fade-out audio by dragging the top-left and top-right corners of audio tracks (but the fade period is measured in frames, not seconds).

Once complete, you can export your movie/project/sequence (it's technically called a sequence)."
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
echo360 -- Q and A Feature
Introduction
The Q&A Feature in echo360 will let you answer text questions from students and ask them text questions.
As soon as you or a student posts a question or response, you'll see the question appear.
How Students Use Q&A
Send your students the following links on using the Q&A feature.
Viewing and Posting Questions During Class (while in the classroom)
https://support.echo360.com/customer/portal/articles/2860776?b_id=16608&t=790020
https://support.echo360.com/customer/portal/articles/2860776?b_id=16608&t=790020
Responding to Questions or Posts in the Classroom
https://support.echo360.com/customer/portal/articles/2860800?b_id=16608&t=790020
How Instructors Use Q&A
Video instructions are on the webpage below.
https://1513041.mediaspace.kaltura.com/media/Echo360+Q+and+A+Feature/1_rmyc1wnu
Written step-by-step instructions are below.
Here's how to use the Q&A Feature in echo360.
Enter echo360 through your Bb Learn course shell, but do not click on a specific class recording or broadcast date.
If you are not sure how to do this, see the following webpage. echo360 -- First Use in Bb Learn

Click the ""Q&A"" link or tab.
    

Choose whether to see ""All Questions,"" ""General Questions"", or questions from a specific class.  

To respond to an existing question:

Click on an existing question.
Click ""RESPOND TO THIS QUESTION.""
Follow the on-screen instructions.

To post a new question, click ""NEW QUESTION."""
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Microsoft Teams Guest Link
Getting a Guest Link for non-scheduled meeting (only works on Web/Desktop)
Go to Calendar
Instead of + New meeting, click Meet now

Do all the jazz to join the meeting, set up your audio/video
Click Show participants and you should see a copy symbol that resembles 2 links chained to each other. Click this to paste the invitation information to your clipboard

Paste this text into a word processor like Word or G Docs or Outlook because this is rich text and copying it into Notepad will actually lose the links.
Hover over the Join Microsoft Teams Meeting and you'll see the link. You can also Ctrl+Click on it to navigate to the link and then copy that from your favorite browser's address bar

Getting a Guest Link by scheduling a meeting
Simply schedule a meeting, fill in the required information, and add participants. You can invite members with their emails, Drexel or non-Drexel affiliated.

Microsoft Teams Guest Link"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
echo360 -- Troubleshooting Recording Playback Issues
Asked to Login? Here are Steps to Try
You generally should not need to login to Echo360, so if you are being asked to do so, try the following.
Do not use:
Internet Explorer, the old default web browser in Windows 8.1 and below. Microsoft is only do occasional security updates now for it.
Edge, the current default web browser in Windows 10. It has issues with Bb Learn and various other websites.
Access Echo360 through the Bb Learn course:
Login to https://learn.dcollege.net/ and logging in with your DrexelOne or DrexelConnect userid and password.
Click the course whose lectures you wish to view in Echo360, the ""echo360 Class Recordings"" link in the left navigation panel.
And click the ""echo360 Class Recordings for [YOUR COURSE]"" link near the top of the page.
Disable any & all privacy enhancing or script blocking or fingerprint fooling or ad blocking plug-ins, add-ons, extensions, or settings in your web browser.
Vist https://echo360.org (but do not login, though it's okay if you are in Bb Learn and you are auto-logged in to echo360) there, and that will make it easier to disable these by tapping the appropriate icons in your browser web address bar or upper right toolbar.
Firefox instructions:
https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/enhanced-tracking-protection-firefox-desktop
Chrome has no built-in features that you should need to enable for this.
Add-ons or plug-ins or extensions can usually be clicked on when you visit the page to disable for just that website.
If you are using a work computer, and run into issues, the problem could very well be that your work computer is blocking web services and/or related applications need by Echo360 to work.
So if you run into issues on your work computer, try your personal computer.
Clear your cache in your Web Browser
Chrome Instructions
https://support.google.com/accounts/answer/32050?co=GENIE.Platform%3DDesktop&hl=en
Firefox Instructions
https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/how-clear-firefox-cache
Enable Cookies in your Web Browser
Most people need to have cookies enabled in their web browser. Here's how for major web browsers.
Chrome
https://support.echo360.com/customer/portal/articles/2928710-chrome-recommended-browser-configuration?b_id=16610
Firefox
https://support.echo360.com/customer/portal/articles/2928830-firefox-recommended-browser-configuration?b_id=16610
Safari
https://support.echo360.com/customer/portal/articles/2928694-safari-recommended-browser-configuration?b_id=16610
Additional Information
https://support.echo360.com/customer/portal/articles/2928694-safari-recommended-browser-configuration?b_id=16610
Try a different web browser. Use of Chrome or Firefox is recommended. Both are free to download.
Chrome: https://www.google.com/chrome/
Firefox: https://www.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/
Cannot Find One or More Recordings
For the “COURSES” section in Echo360, the “Default” order in the “Sort By” drop-down menu is odd.
Scroll down to the bottom of the Echo360 “COURSES” webpage for your Drexel CCI course.
Or if you change the “Sort By” drop-down menu to “Oldest,” you’ll see the one or more recordings that you are missing.
If you still cannot find a recording, contact the Drexel CCI iCommons HelpDesk at 215-895-2480 or ihelp@drexel.edu.
Audio Is Hard to Hear
Is the audio hard to hear in an Echo360 recording or live video stream? Then try the following:
Adjust the volume slider when playing an Echo360 recording or live video stream:

Adjust your computer's volume
For Macs or Apple computer or laptops: https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT203186
Ignore the recommendation to upgrade your Mac OS or macOS.
For Windows computers: http://www.thewindowsclub.com/adjust-volume-for-individual-programs-windows
In particular check out the ""Volume Mixer"" section, but the whole webpage has lots of good suggestions for adjusting sound.
If the above webpage for Windows does not help, see the following webpage.
https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/help/4026994/windows-fix-sound-problems
https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/help/4026994/windows-fix-sound-problems
Install Browser Extension
If you are having trouble hearing a professor due to low audio, or bad audio, one possible work-around solution to try is to download/install the Chrome web browser and install the ""Volume Master"" extension from the Chrome Web Store at the link below.
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/volume-master/jghecgabfgfdldnmbfkhmffcabddioke
We cannot find a similar link for Firefox as of yet. The above link has a good chance of working for other Chrome-based web browsers, such as the new Microsoft Edge and the Brave web browser, as well, which may be less resource intensive on your computer.
If none of the advice above helps, contact us using information at the bottom of this webpage you are reading this on.
No Audio or Video or Recording Feed Freezes or Stutters
No video or audio in Echo360? Or audio and video feed coming in and out? Try the following steps:
Step 1
Logout of Echo360 and Bb Learn.
Close your internet browser completely.
Reopen your internet browser.
Log back into your Bb Learn course shell at https://learn.dcollege.net .
Try to access the Echo360 recordings again in the ""Echo360 Class Recordings"" area.
Click the ""Echo360 Class Recordings for [YOUR COURSE]"" link within that area.
Do not watch or share audio or video in Bb Collaborate Ultra when using Echo360.
If this does not work, try next step.
Step 2
Close your internet browser completely, and try a different internet browser.
If this doesn't work, try next step.
Step 3
You may somehow be having the wrong email address (long form is needed rather than the short form) or the wrong password get sent to Echo360.
A password reset may fix this. Here's how.
Find your Drexel long form email address.
Usually, it is your full name, with a period between the first, middle initial, and last name, followed by @drexel.edu.
Example: michael.j.galloway@drexel.edu . (Your long-form email address will be different.)
Enter Bb Learn at https://learn.dcollege.net , and try to enter Echo360 again.
If no login screen appears, logout of Bb Learn, and visit the Echo360 website (link below).
https://echo360.org/directLogin
If an Echo360 login screen appears in either Bb Learn or the Echo360 website, move onto step 4.
When you get to the login screen, enter your long form email address.
Use your Bb Learn password as your password.
If that doesn't log you in, click ""Forgot your password""
If prompted, enter your long form email address.
Click ""Send Email.""
Log out of Bb Learn too (if logged in).Close all open internet browser windows and tabs.
Wait 30 seconds.
Open your internet browser.
Follow the instructions in the email after receiving it.
Logout of Echo360 (if in Echo360).
Login to Bb Learn, and try again.
CCI Technical Staff -- Reboot Echo360 Device and Check Classroom Microphone for Serious Technical Issues
CCI Technical Staff: For any serious issues, try rebooting the Echo360 device and making sure the classroom microphone is not muted using the instructions below.
echo360 -- Rebooting echo360 Devices in CCI Classrooms
NEEDS UPDATE - echo360 -- Muting the Microphone during a Recording or Broadcast
For live broadcasts, interrupt the class for the 30 seconds or one-minute it takes to restart the device and/or turn on the microphone.
Echo360 takes 10 minutes or so to fully reboot. The live video stream and recording will start immediately afterwards again, but there will be a 10 minute or so gap.
If that doesn't work, offer to set-up Bb Collaborate Ultra in the classroom.
See Bb Collaborate Ultra
Slow Computer Response or High CPU or GPU Load
If your computer is running really slow and/or has a high GPU or CPU or processing load, then try the following:
Shrink the size of one or more of the video windows for the Echo360 broadcast, and/or the size of the internet browser tab where the videos are playing.
You may be able to reduce the size of the video windows in the internet browser.
If that doesn't help. change your computer's display resolution to something much, much lower.
If that doesn't help, follow the instructions in the section above called ""No Audio or Video or Recording Feed Freezes or Stutters.""
This issue can happen on 4K monitors, especially if there are hardware compatibility issues.
Enable Cookies in Safari on a Mac
Mac Safari users,
If you get a message about allowing cookies:
Click the ""Safari"" menu at the top left in Sarari.
Click ""Preferences.""
Click ""Privacy.""
Select ""Always allow"" next to ""Cookies and website data.""
Close the ""Security"" window.
Reload the Bb Learn webpage.
Safari is an internet browser on a Mac or Apple computer.
Mono Sound Only or Sound from One Speaker or Headphone
If you have mono sound (sound coming from one speaker or side of your headphones) when listening to Echo360 recordings, check your computer's sound settings, and then contact ihelp@drexel.edu to let us know if the issue persists. The following are work-around solutions that should help until a permanent solution is found.
Work-around Solution for Mac Users
You can make mono sound go to both your left and right speakers or headphones on a Mac by doing the following:
Click the Apple icon in the upper left corner of your Mac desktop display.
Click ""System Preferences.""
Click ""Accessibility.""
Check the box next to ""Play stereo audio as mono.""
Close the ""Accessibility"" window and you should now hear mono audio from both your left and right speakers or headphones.
Work-around Solution for Windows Users with Headphones
If you have headphones on a Windows PC (7, 8.1, 10), the following should make mono sound go to both your left and right headphones.
We currently don't have any solution for making the mono sound go to both speakers with a Windows PC, unfortunately.
Right-click the speaker icon in the lower-right of your Windows desktop display.
Click ""Playback devices.""
Under the ""Playback"" tab, right-click your sound output device, and then click ""Properties.""
Click the ""Enhancements"" tab.
Scroll down and check ""Headphone Virtualization.""
Click ""OK.""
Static Occasionally in Audio
Some users on some computers may hear occasional static. We're trying to figure out why this is happening still.
We do have a proposed work-around solution if the issue is that static occasionally comes from one speaker or side of your headphones, but no other sound is heard from that side.
WARNING: You won't be able to use the work-around solutions for mono sound above with the work-around solution below, however.
Work-around Solution for Mac Users
The following should prevent the right or left speaker or headphone from making any noise at all on a Mac.
Click the Apple icon in the upper left corner of your Mac desktop display.
Click ""System Preferences.""
Click ""Sound.""
Click ""Output"" so that it is highlighted.
Click your ""device for sound output.""
Move the slider in the ""Balance"" area either all the way to the left or right.
You will want to move away from the speaker or headphone side that is making no sound except occasional static.
Close the ""Sound"" window.
Work-around Solution for Windows Users
If you have headphones on a Windows PC (7, 8.1, 10), the following should prevent the right or left speaker or headphone from making any noise at all.
Right-click the speaker icon in the lower-right of your Windows desktop display.
Click ""Playback devices.""
Under the ""Playback"" tab, right-click your sound output device, and then click ""Properties.""
Click the ""Levels"" tab.
Click ""Balance""
Bring either the ""L"" or ""R"" speaker level all the way down to 0.
You will want to do this for whichever speaker makes no sound at all except for occasional static.
Click ""OK.""
Click ""OK.""
Click ""OK."""
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Zoom -- Captions and Transcripts
Everyone at Drexel has a Zoom Pro account at https://drexel.zoom.us
Always use https://drexel.zoom.us for your Drexel Zoom meetings, and click “Sign in Standard.”
If you record a Zoom session, you can get machine-generated auto-captioning,
by doing the following before you start the Zoom meeting
(and you can leave it enabled for future Zoom meetings).
Do these steps just once.
Visit https://drexel.zoom.us , click “Sign In Standard,” & login.
Click “Settings.”
Click “Recording.""
Make sure “Audio transcript” is checked (and click “Save” if you make changes).
Do these steps after each recording.
Wait 3 hour recording could take 5-7 hours or up to 1 day to process.
Shorter recordings usually take less time.
Make sure you clicked “End Meeting for All” at end of meeting and didn’t just leave the meeting,
or your processing/wait time will be delayed until the meeting ends itself after 24 hours.
After the recording is ready (or to check if it's ready),
go to https://drexel.zoom.us ,
click “Sign In Standard,”
login,
& click “Recordings.""
Click the recording, and download the .srt or .vtt “audio transcript.”
A .srt or .vtt file is a plain text (a file with only text and no formatting) that has time stamps in a certain format.
You should be able to open it in Microsoft Word.
Contact ihelp@drexel.edu if you have issues.
If you need the timestamps removed,
see Zoom -- Closed Captioning and Removing TimeStamps"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Record Screen on iPad, iPhone, or iOS Device -- Older Alternative Method
If you have an issue with these directions, particularly if you are using macOS Sierra 10.12.4, try updating your iOS (iPad/iPhone) mobile device to the latest stable update.
Connect your iPad/iPhone/iOS device to your Mac computer by the USB Lightning cable.
This is the charging cable that came with your iPad/iPhone/iOS device.
Enter pin/password or use fingerprint reader to unlock your iPad/iPhone/iOS device.
If prompted:
Tap ""Trust"" on your iPad/iPhone/iOS device.
Allow access to iTunes.
Sign into your iCloud or Apple account.
On your Mac computer, open ""QuickTime"" from the ""Applications"" folder.
If prompted to open a file, click ""Done.""
Click ""File""
Click ""New Movie Recording.""
Click the tiny down arrow or next to the red record button.

Select your iPad/iPhone/iOS device.

Not seeing your iPad/iPhone/iOS device display on your Mac computer display?
Quit ""QuickTime."" Disconnect your iPad/iPhone/iOS device display from your Mac computer, wait 20 seconds, and redo all of the above steps again.
If you want to record, visit the Apple support webpage below, click the ""Record"" button there (or scroll down to the ""Record"" section).
https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT201066"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Zoom -- Group Work or Breakout Rooms
Update Zoom and Enable Breakout Rooms
FIRST! Update Zoom first to latest version.
Zoom Updating or Updates
Video on how to enable Breakout Rooms in Zoom.
https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us/articles/206476093
Using Breakout Rooms -- Video
CO-HOSTS can now manage breakout rooms!
The following is a how to handle online group work ""during class"" or ""during lab.""
https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us/articles/206476313-Managing-Video-Breakout-Rooms
Student or Participant Instructions
https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us/articles/115005769646-Participating-in-Breakout-Rooms
Pre-Assigning Participants to Breakout Rooms
Zoom -- Pre-Assign Participants to Breakout Rooms
Students Create Meeting Rooms and Share with Other Students
Zoom -- Students Create Meeting Rooms and Share with Other Students"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Zoom -- SSO Single Sign-On and Host Sign-In
Video Instructions
https://1513041.mediaspace.kaltura.com/media/Zoom+--+Signing+into+the+Zoom+App+with+your+Drexel+Login+using+SSO/1_si5nvwhb
We do not cover signing out of drexel.zoom.us and zoom.us first in the video above, but we do recommend that.
Quick Instructions
Go to https://drexel.zoom.us
Sign in with Drexel userid & password.

Open the Zoom program or application (app) on your computer.
SIGH OUT in the Zoom app.
To sign out, click your initials in upper right in the Zoom app.
You will see ""Sign Out"" there.
Not sure where to find the Zoom program or application? See next section below.

In the Zoom app on your computer,
Click SSO or ""Sign in with SSO.""
Type drexel in front of .zoom.us (if prompted).
Or type-in
drexel.zoom.us
Enter Drexel userid & password when prompted.

You’ll then have access to your licensed Drexel Zoom Pro account.
You definitely want to use your licensed Drexel Zoom Pro account for any meetings with Drexel students, staff, instructors, and faculty. All Drexel students, staff, instructors, and faculty have access to a licensed Zoom Pro acount, using the instructions above.
Finding the Zoom Application or Program on your Computer
Find the Zoom program or application on your computer in the Start menu for Windows. 
Or the Finder window on Mac where your Applications are listed.
Or through Launchpad or Spotlight search, etc. 
Open the Zoom program or application the same way you'd open Word or PowerPoint:
click or double-click the program to open it. 
If you can't find the Zoom program or application on Mac, click & hold the command key, and tap the spacebar once.
Then search for Zoom in the search bar that appears. 
If you still cannot find the Zoom program or application, visit https://drexel.zoom.us , sign in, and click to host a meeting in upper right. This will install Zoom if it's not already installed as a program or application.
Confirm You are Logged into your Zoom Pro Account
Zoom -- Confirm Licensed Zoom Pro Login in Zoom App
Claim Host Role During Meeting
Zoom -- Claim Host Role during a Meeting
Alternate Instructions
Without clicking a Zoom meeting link, find the Zoom application.
Mac: Look in your Applications folder in Finder or Spotlight Search.
Windows: Look in the Start menu.
Cannot find Zoom?: Zoom may not be installed.
Visit https://drexel.zoom.us > click ""Sign In Standard"" > login through Drexel Connect > click ""Host a Meeting"" with video on or off.
Download/install & open/run Zoom or zoom .us when prompted.

Click ""zoom .us"" menu > Sign In.
Or click ""File"" > ""Sign in.""
Click ""Sign Out"" if you do have a ""Sign In"" option.

Click “SSO Sign in with SSO” or “Sign In with SSO.”


Type in “drexel” (without quotes) next to “. zoom. us”. And click “Continue.”

If prompted & if your web browser opens to the Drexel Connect webpage,
sign in with your Drexel userid and password.

         

Click ""Open link"" (and/or click “Open zoom .us"" and/or click ""Open Zoom"" or the like).
If prompted & if your web browser opens to the Drexel Connect webpage,
sign in with your Drexel userid and password.

Now, quit the Zoom application.
But do *not* sign out in the Zoom application.

You can sign out of Zoom in your web browser if you wish now. Just not the Zoom application itself.
To sign out of Zoom in a web browser (if you wish):
Click “Drexel University Zoom” > “Sign In Standard” > person icon in upper right > “SIGN OUT”.
No need to click “DISCONNECT” unless you want to sign out of all standard Drexel websites.
Now, if you click a Zoom meeting link that you created/scheduled, you will enter as a Host.
And for other Zoom meetings links, you will enter with your Drexel Account.
Need Different Password?
Zoom -- If Zoom Asks for a Password or Login
Optional Video: Zoom Overview for TA & Instructors
https://1513041.mediaspace.kaltura.com/media/Zoom+Overview+for+TA%27s+and+Instructors+-+September+2020+PUBLIC/1_9wpezg2v"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
How to Build Objects in Gather.Town
Builder Mode
To build objects in gather.town, you first need to create a space. Once you have your space created, follow the steps below to build and add objects to decorate your space:
Select the space you would like to build on
Once loaded into space, select the hammer icon in the left navigation panel


You can choose from the recent objects or you can build your own by clicking on “Open object picker” and clicking on “create new”




Once you click on “create new” there will be various pre-built images to choose from
You can also choose to upload you own image, click “Choose file” and choose an image you would like to upload to your space


After you upload an image, this window will pop up:

a.  You can select “no interaction” and place it anywhere you like on your space.|
b.  You can select “image poster” to have a bigger picture of the image you upload.
c.  You can select “video” to link your image to a video from Youtube
d.  You can select “embedded website” to link your image to your own website without having to leave gather.town
e.  You can select “external call” to link your image to a Google Hangout link or a Zoom call within gather.town
f.  Or you can select “note object” to have your image display a welcoming message, for example, “Have a nice day!”

After you have selected the interaction, you can place the object by pressing the spacebar on your keyboard.
To remove or erase the object, simply press on “Erase” next to “Build” and move to your object and press the spacebar on your keyboard."
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Zoom Updating or Updates
Mac
Enter your Applications folder in Finder or Spotlight Search.
Click ""zoom .us"" menu in upper left.
Click ""Check for Updates.""
Windows
Open the Start menu or Windows menu in lower left.
Click your initials or picture in upper right of Zoom.
Click ""Check for Updates.""
Additional Instructions & Help
https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us/articles/201362233-Where-Do-I-Download-The-Latest-Version-"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
echo360 -- Interactive Features Video
Video Length
~9 minutes
Video Link
https://1513041.mediaspace.kaltura.com/media/Echo360+Interactive+Features/1_ukrfje0n
Video Outline
     1. Check for Class Capture area in your Bb Learn course shell
          (a) If missing, contact Mike Galloway
     2. Enter Echo360 system through Class Capture area
          (a) Allow pop-ups on first-use
               i. Then visit course home page and try again
     3. Adding a virtual classroom
     4. Adding content to virtual class
          (a) Upload file
          (b) Import pre-existing Echo360 presentations
          (c) Create new presentationAdd slides
               i. Add activity
                    1. Multiple choice
                    2. Short answer
                    3. Image quiz
                    4. Ordered list
                    5. Numerical question
               i. Add other activities or slides
     5. Instructor point of view of slide/activity
          (a) # of submissions
          (b) Stop/re-start activity
          (c) See results
          (d) Show correct answers to students
          (e) Reset activity
          (f) Hide/unhide slide/activity
     6. Student point of view of activity
          (a) Enter Echo360 course page through Class Capture area
          (b) Can send a response by phone text message
               i. Student must add number in their account profile
     7. Q&A Feature
          (a) Discussion Board forums on specific class or course in general
          (b) Instructor view
          (c) Student view
          (d) New posts appear without needing to refresh the page.
     8. Export activity results to your computer
     9. Export to Grade Center
          (a) not working as of yet"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
echo360 -- Troubleshooting on a mobile device
If you are having trouble making echo360 work on a mobile device, the following link should help ensure that you can use Echo360 on your mobile device.
https://support.echo360.com/customer/portal/articles/2969908?b_id=16609"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Descript
Instructions
Below is a how-to video on using Descript.
How-To Video for Descript
The video linked above goes over how to:
Take a screen recording using Descript using their built-in screen recorder
Upload a video for editing to Descript
Transcribing a video
Removing filler words from audio/screen recording
Replacing words in a transcript generated by Descript
Deleting clips of audio from audio/screen recording

Importing an Existing Transcript to Sync with Video/Audio
If you have an existing transcript for a video or audio clip, Descript is able to sync this transcript with your clip to allow for editing within its software.
Instructions on how to import an existing transcript are at 1:33 of the video below:
Import an Existing Transcript

Adding Pauses Between Clips of Audio
When deleting clips of audio from an audio/screen recording, there may be an split between two clips being too close, which may require a pause to be inserted between them.
To add a gap of silence at a certain point of your audio, right-click at the bottom of your Descript window where you want the gap clip to be entered:
Upon clicking ""Insert gap clip"", a grey space should appear at the location in which you right clicked:
You can drag this gray bar to the left/right to make the pause longer or shorter, depending on what your audio needs."
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Zoom -- Joining a Zoom Meeting - No Link
The only options to join a Zoom meeting when you don’t have the Zoom meeting link are as follows:
Someone else in the meeting, particularly a host, co-host, or alternative host needs to do this.
They click ""Participants"" icon,
and click the ""Invite"" button.
Then send you the info.
Or they can get the Meeting ID, Passcode, and Join Link
by clicking circled i icon
or...
shield icon
in the top left corner of the Zoom Meeting window (during a meeting).
If you have the meeting ID but no link:
If a password is set
(beyond Drexel authentication for Drexel meetings),
you'll need that password too.
Visit https://drexel.zoom.us
Click “Join…”
Enter the Meeting ID."
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Zoom -- Multiple Presenters on Multiple PC's in Same Room
If you are using the Zoom virtual video conferencing web service...
If you have multiple presenters with multiple laptops or computers...
FIRST: Set-up Zoom on a moderator or tech person’s laptop.
That is the Host Zoom session.
SECOND: Set-up Zoom on each presenters laptop before the meeting.
Do not connect to audio on the presenter laptops.
Do not make the presenter a Host.
For quick Zoom set-up:
Visit https://zoom.us on their laptop.
Click “Join Meeting.”
Enter the “Meeting ID.""
See link below for how to get Meeting ID during a meeting easily.
Zoom -- Get Meeting ID and Quality Stats during Meeting
For a Meeting ID, look at:
The Zoom meeting information that was sent to you.
The last numbers in the Zoom meeting link.
Those numbers are the Meeting ID.
The numbers at the top of a Zoom window on another computer already joined everywhere.
When a presenter steps up to the podium,
enable full screen sharing on the presenter’s laptop.
When a presenter finishes,
stop screen sharing there.
When a new presenter steps up to the podium,
enable full screen sharing on the new presenter’s laptop.
Repeat the above as needed.
You can do the same in a completely online Zoom meeting.
Except there’s no podium.
Replace “steps up to the podium” above with “starts to present” above."
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Zoom -- Using Registration for Public Zoom Meetings
Introduction
If you are hosting an event that is open to the public,
using the Zoom Registration feature can be of great assistance.
You want people to sign up or ""register"" to know who is attending.
You can generate an RSVP list for who is attending the event.
And lets you only share the Zoom link with those who registered.
Registration for small meetings or classroom use is probably more work than it's worth.
We highly recommend the following for *ALL* Drexel Zoom meetings.
Zoom -- Managing Users, Privacy, and Security Measures
For any Zoom Meetings whose links are listed on a public website or that will have a large audience,
we also HIGHLY RECOMMEND the following
to keep the meeting secure and free of Zoom bombing ( Zoombombing ).
Zoom Virtual Walk-In Meetings or Public Links
Instructions
Here are 9 steps on how to use the Zoom Registration feature.
Login to Zoom at https://drexel.zoom.us
Click ""Meetings.""
Create a new meeting,
or click an existing meeting.
For ""Registration,"" check the ""Required"" box.

Scroll to the bottom of that meeting,
look under the ""Registration"" tab,
and click ""Edit"" in the ""Registration Options"" line.

In ""Registration"" window, select ""Manually Approve.""
Also check ""Close registration after event date.""
The ""Automatically Approve"" option is not recommended.
Enable other settings if you wish.

Under ""Questions,""
check what fields of information you want people to fill out when they register.
You can add ""Custom Questions,"" if you wish.

Click ""Save All.""
Share the Zoom meeting link with who you wish.
The meeting link is now a registration link."
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Troubleshooting Remote Desktop
NEEDS REVISION!!!!!!!!!!!

Basic Items to Cover First
If the user is off-campus, are they connected (for sure) to Drexel's VPN?
Let the user know we may need to sign them out or reboot the computer.
(a) LAST RESORT DURING COVID-19 Quarantine
(b) May not be able to login them back in.
Login as Administrator on the computer that they are connecting to.
(a) If the computer is not on, that's a problem.
Make sure the computer has an internet connection.
(a) Open Edge or a web browser. Browse to some random news story or website. Don't just check that there's an internet signal.
Is ""Allow remote connections to this computer"" enabled?
(a) Click Start. Search for ""Control Panel"" (no quotes). Search for ""remote desktop"" (no quotes) in the ""Control Panel"" window. Click ""Allow remote access"". In the ""System Properties"" window, be sure that ""Allow remote connections to this computer"" is selected and not grayed out.
(b) Make sure the checkbox that only allows uses with Network Level Authentication is checked.
Is the user in the list of allowed remote desktop users.
(a) If the ""System Properties"" window is not still open, follow instructions for 4.1 again.
(b) Click ""Select Users.""
(c) Make sure the user's userid appears as an allowed user for remote desktoping, along mjg88 and bjb344 and jpm46 and icommonscrc, and such.
Check that the user has the correct IP address.
(a) Click Start, type in ""cmd"" (without quotes), type in at the command line prompt in the cmd.exe/terminal window:
(b) ipconfig /all
(c) Press Enter/Return.
(d) In the Ethernet section, look for the IPv4 address.
(e) Make sure the user is using the same one.
If you or the users sees a ""Remote Desktop Connection"" error window appear that says:
""An authentication error has occurred.

The function requested is not supported.

Remote computer: ccisccm
This could be due to CredSSP encryption oracle remediation.
For more information, see https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=866660 ""

Solution: RECOMMEND downloading Microsoft Remote Desktop app from Microsoft Store, which is built into all Windows 10 instances. Look in the Start menu under ""M"" or search for ""Microsoft Store,"" then search the Microsoft Store for ""Microsoft Remote Desktop.""
Their version of Microsoft Remote Desktop is old and incompatible.
Microsoft Account Authentication
If the login prompt shows ""MicrosoftAccount/userid"", instead of using the userid or ""DREXEL/userid"", you can use your DREXEL/userid when entering the password. However, make sure that you have the latest version of Microsoft Remote Desktop application available on the Windows Store or Microsoft.
If you are asked to sign in on the store, cancel or decline, but you will still need to download the Microsoft Remote Desktop app"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
echo360 -- Uploading Video and Polling or Adding a Quiz
Uploading a Video -- Video Instructions
Watch the video below for how to edit the video. Or add polling or quizzes.
https://1513041.mediaspace.kaltura.com/media/echo360+--+Upload+Video+to+Section%2C+with+Editing+and+Polls+or+Quizzes/1_ur3u7hhn
Need to create an Echo360 link in a Bb Learn course section? See following:
https://1513041.mediaspace.kaltura.com/media/echo360+--+Make+a+Link+to+Echo360+in+a+Bb+Learn+course+section/1_3a33kogi
Screen record with Echo360 on your personal computer? See following:
echo360 -- Screen Recording from a Personal Computer
Uploading Video -- Written Instructions
Watch the 1st video link above for how to edit the video. Or add polling or quizzes.
Below are written instructions for how to upload a video
In your Bb Learn course section, click the ""echo360 Class Recordings"" link in the left-hand navigation.
Need to create an Echo360 link in a Bb Learn course section? See following:
https://1513041.mediaspace.kaltura.com/media/echo360+--+Make+a+Link+to+Echo360+in+a+Bb+Learn+course+section/1_3a33kogi
Click ""Access echo360 Class Recordings for..."" link.
Click the ""New Class"" button.
If you click ""Create"" and ""Upload,"" the video will be added to your Library only, and not associated to a particular Bb Learn course section without additional work on your part.

Click the ""+"" sign in the newly added row.
Click ""Add Video.""

Enter a ""Name"" like ""Week 2 Lecture"" or ""Week 2 Tues Lecture"" or what you will.
And select Start Date, Start time, and Duration. These dates/times do not have to match the video.
These dates/times do NOT affect when a video becomes available to students. More on that below.
Description is optional.
Click OK.

Click ""Upload a file.""
Select your video to upload.

Dark and light gray bars behind the circled play arrow icon means the video is processing.
You will get an email when the video has finished processing.

Click or  arrow > ""Availability Settings"" to set when the video should appear to students, if you do not want it to appear right away.

Alternate Video on Editing, as well as Uploading, Quizzes or Polling
Video editing has been disabled for now, but...
The following video covers uploading to Library instead, but also covers editing, quizzes, and polling:
https://1513041.mediaspace.kaltura.com/media/echo360+--+Uploading+Video/1_vu1j3bjz"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Channels
Introduction
Channels let you organize videos you have saved under your account in Kaltura or Drexel Streams.
It's debatable how useful they are.
Create a Channel
Click link above to collapse this area.
Login to Drexel One with Drexel userid and password.
https://one.drexel.edu
Click ""Campus+Community.""

Scroll down under ""Technology Services,"" click ""Drexel Streams.""

On the new webpage, click your name in the upper right.
Your name will appear instead of ""Michael Galloway.""
 Click ""My Channels"" link under your name in the upper right.
Your name will appear instead of ""Michael Galloway.""
 Click ""Create Channel.""

 Enter a Name, Description (optional), and Tags (recommended but optional).
Separate ""Tag"" words or phrases by commas.
  Select ""Private"" under ""Privacy.""
Unless you want others to be able to add videos to this channel.

 Click ""Save"" at bottom of page.
  A message will save ""information saved,"" meaning the new channel is created.

 Your channel will not be named ""Skype Video Test Channel.""
Click the ""Back to Channel"" button at the bottom of the page, if you wish to start adding videos to the channel.
 
Adding Audio or Videos to a Channel
Navigate to the Drexel Streams channel you wish to add videos to.
If you are not looking at this Drexel Streams channel, and do not know how to find a channel, click the link below.
FindingYourChannel
Then return here. Above link simply takes you further down this webpage.
Click the ""Add to Channel"" button.
  Type text in the ""Search"" box to search for videos to add to the channel.
Press Enter/Return on the keyboard after typing in search words or phrases.
  Wait 10-20 seconds for results to load.
Select videos to add to the channel from the search results.
Check the box next to each video you wish to add.
You can check/select other videos or checkboxes, of course, and you will likely not be searching for ""Skype"" videos.
 Click ""Publish"" to add the selected videos to the channel.
Of course, you will likely not be searching for ""Skype"" videos.
 Wait 10-20 seconds for videos to be added to channel.
A green ""All media was published successfully"" message will appear at the top of the webpage.
This means the videos have been added to the channel.
Your channel will not be called ""Skype Video Test Channel.""

Finding Your Channel
Login to Drexel One with Drexel userid and password.
https://one.drexel.edu
Click ""Campus & Community.""
 Scroll down under ""Technology Services,"" click ""Drexel Streams.""

On the new webpage, click your name in the upper right.
Your name will appear instead of ""Michael Galloway.""
 Click ""My Channels"" link under your name in the upper right.
Your name will appear instead of ""Michael Galloway.""
 Search for a channel.
Or ""View Channels I Manage"" and choose to see channels you are a member of, or are subscribed to.
Click the channel title link form the search results.
Sharing Your Channel
A Drexel faculty or professional staff member or active adjunct or instructor has to login to Drexel Connect or DrexelOne and visit the Drexel Streams webpage *before* they can view a video, no matter if the ""Open"" or ""Restricted"" or ""Private"" option is selected for the channel.
Doing so creates a Drexel Streams profile that is needed for accessing any videos shared this way on Drexel Streams.
A Drexel student is *not* able to watch any Drexel Streams video in a channel, unless
it's embedded in a Bb Learn course shell, 
or Drexel ITG (central Bb Learn office) modifies that particular student's Drexel Streams or Drexel online profile
or possibly if that video own permissions are set to ""Unlisted,"" which makes the videos viewable by anyone with a direct link to the video.
Drexel students cannot access Drexel Streams by default, so they cannot create a profile."
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Zoom--Using Sidecar on iPad and Mac Using Mirrored Display
Tagged with: zoom Ipad Mac sidecar mac laptop sidecar
Sidecar is a continuity and mirroring feature for Apple Mac and iPad. 
Note: It requires internet, Bluetooth and must meet the system requirements. 
iPad: Pro (all models), iPad 6th generation and later, iPad mini 5th generation and later and iPad Air 3rd generation or later.
Mac: MacBook Pro introduced in 2016 or later, MacBook introduced in 2016 or later, MacBook Air introduced in 2018 or later, iMac introduced in 2017 or later, or iMac (Retina 5K, 27-inch, Late 2015), iMac Pro, Mac mini introduced in 2018 or later, Mac Pro introduced in 2019 and Mac Studio.
Setup for Sidecar
Make sure you are signed in with the same ID on both devices.
Go to ""System Preferences"" > select ""displays"".
If iPad is not connected then select ""Add display pop-up"" > select your iPad.

Alternative: connect using 
Display in control center 
Display menu shown on the menu bar.
Zoom Set up
Once the Zoom app is opened.
Select the settings icon on the top right of the app > click on the general tab.
Select the ""Dual monitor button"".

To screen share select the screen share arrow icon on Zoom. The iPad screen should show as a desktop 2. You can drag whatever view, slide or app you want displayed on the iPad or Mac to both screens depending on your preference. 
This link contains a video that provides visuals."
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Accessing files in Microsoft Teams with Non-Drexel email
You will receive an email similar to this with an “open” button:



Once you click the open button, the SharePoint site will ask you to verify by sending a code to the email address you have accessed this link with (click send Code):



After clicking the send code button, you will receive another email with the code:



Enter the Code and click Verify to gain access to the files: 



From here the user is all set and can access and interact with the folder you have shared with them from your teams’ site via SharePoint."
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Edit Video or Video Settings
Quick Video Edit Instructions
If you already uploaded your video, light video editing in Kaltura can be done by logging in to Kaltura Drexel Streams at:
https://drexel.edu/it/streams
or...
https://1513041.mediaspace.kaltura.com/
Click ""My Media.
""Search for and click the video you want to edit.
Go to the editing function (look under ""Actions"") under the video.
Or click pencil icon next to video.
Click ""Launch Editor.""
You can save a copy of the video, or just use the original video.
Here's how to add your edited video to a Bb Learn course section.
Adding Media to Bb Learn via Kaltura or Drexel Streams
Upload the Video
If the video is not uploaded to Kaltura Drexel Streams:
Login to Kaltura Drexel Streams at:
https://drexel.edu/it/streams
or...
https://1513041.mediaspace.kaltura.com/
To upload a video, click +ADD NEW > Media Upload > agree to terms and conditions > +Choose a file to upload.
Follow on-screen instructions.
Editing the Video and its Settings -- Video Instructions
https://1513041.mediaspace.kaltura.com/media/Kaltura+Edit+and+Video+Editor+and+Closed+Caption+Request/1_jev20ec5
Video Editor NOT recommended for extensive video editing.
Quick editing is fine.
Video above covers Closed Captioning too.
Video Settings -- Written Instructions
VIDEO EDITING? GO TO NEXT SECTION BELOW.  This section is just on video settings.
NOTE: Changing the ""Title"" of a video will change its link or web address.
Find & click your video under ""My Media"" in Kaltura Drexel Streams at:
https://drexel.edu/it/streams
or...
https://1513041.mediaspace.kaltura.com/
Scroll down to & click ""ACTIONS"" > ""Edit.""
Various editing options provided.
Click link below for additional information on each & a screenshot.

Details: Edit video name and description. Add Tags to help with searching for it in My Media.

Options: ""Enable everyone to create clips from this video."" If you allow them to access it.

Collaboration: Change owner, or add co-editors and co-publishers. Covered here:
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Make Others Co-Editors, Co-Publishers, or Co-Viewers of Videos

Thumbnails: Change image someone sees in video player window before playing video. Covered here:
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Thumbnail Setting, or Setting Image Shown Before Video Is Played

Downloads: Allow anyone who can view the video within Drexel Streams or Kaltura My Media to download the video. Covered here:
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Allow Downloads

Captions: Upload captions for the video. You can request auto-captioning for any Kaltura Drexel Streams video by following instructions here:
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Captions

Attachments: Note that videos added to Bb Learn using Kaltura Media will show attachments. Click ""File Upload"" and upload one or more files. Follow on-screen instructions.

Timeline: You can make chapters and upload slides to play along, but generally too labor intensive to be of much use. Free/available video editors are a better way to go to add slides, but chapters won't come over with those.

Replace Media: Add an updated version of the video without changing the link or adding a new video. Click ""Choose a file to upload"" to upload the replacement video.

Just the ""Details"" tab is shown for brevity. But other options listed above.
Click title of video in order to return to normal view of video.
Video Editor -- Written Instructions
If you just need to remove stuff at the start and end, and 1 or 2 things in the middle, the editor is great.
You can have a lot of freezing or lost work if you do very heavy video editing in Kaltura.
But it often works fine for removing a few things or so.
Here's how:
Visit https://drexel.edu/it/streams
or...
https://1513041.mediaspace.kaltura.com/
and login.
Click ""My Media.""
Find and click the title of a video of yours.
Scroll down and click ""ACTIONS.""
Click ""Launch Editor.""
Click the film icon or .
It should say ""Video Editor"" at the top now.

Edit the video.
Video Editor --Tools Review
Here is help on the editing tools in Kaltura or Drexel Streams.
The blue line on the video timeline is the play head.
If you play the video, the video starts playing from here.
The ""Set In"" left bracket icon sets the new start time in the video.
Everything before it gets marked to be deleted.

The ""Set Out"" right bracket icon sets the new end time in the video.
Everything after it gets marked to be deleted. Click in the video where you want

Move the playhead blue line to where you want to cut.

The ""Split"" or cut scissors icon makes a segment in the video.
USE THIS OPTION TO REMOVE STUFF IN THE MIDDLE.

If you ""Split"" a segment in the middle,
you can use the ""Delete"" trash can icon to remove it.

Even Mike Galloway can't figure out how to use the Fade In/Out line segment icon for any desirable use.
But that's what that is.

Use the Undo or Redo curly arrows to undo or redo changes.
You can ""Reset"" or revert all changes with the  icon.

Want more precise movements with the blue line play head?
Move the ""Timeline Zoom"" slider right.
   
When finished:
Click ""Save"" to save your changes to the original.
Or click ""Save a Copy"" to make a copy.
Then click the Exit curved arrow icon to go back to the normal view of the video or media.
Here's how to add your edited video to a Bb Learn course section.
Adding Media to Bb Learn via Kaltura or Drexel Streams"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
mac OS Cmd-Shift-5 screen recorder
https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT208721#mojave
Mac only. Edit in QuickTime above.
IMPORTANT:
Include 5 seconds or so of extra recording at start & end. Sometimes gets cut off.
Do a test recording of 10-20 seconds first!
Upload a video as a comment in VoiceThread
https://voicethread.com/howto/recording-a-comment
Or use Kaltura Drexel Streams to Add Videos to Bb Learn Course Sections. Otherwise, you greatly slowdown Bb Learn for everyone.
Do not use this option with VoiceThread.
See Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Adding Media to Bb Learn"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Zoom -- Waiting Room to Manage Office Hours Attendance
Video Instructions - RECOMMENDED
Per the Zoom webpage below, ""The Waiting Room feature allows the host to control when a participant joins the meeting."" 
As the meeting host, you can admit attendees one by one or hold all attendees in the waiting room and admit them all at once.
This *short video below* does a great job of explaining how to use the ""Waiting Room"" feature in Zoom.
https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us/articles/115000332726-Waiting-Room
""Managing Participants"" = ""Participants"" panel or button.
Make sure you are the ""Host"" or ""Co-Host.""
Enabling Waiting Room Before a Scheduled Meeting
This is how you can enable the Waiting Room ahead of a scheduled meeting.
Go to http://drexel.zoom.us, click “Sign In Standard,” and login.
Click “Meetings.”
Click the scheduled meeting you want the waiting room for.
Scroll down to & click “Edit this Meeting.”
Scroll down to & check “Enable Waiting Room.”
Click “Save.”
Enabling or Disabling Waiting Room During a Meeting
https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us/articles/360022174112-Using-a-Waiting-Room-with-Zoom-Rooms#h_b2103f53-a263-4637-8b16-8f0ca9d6a538
""Managing Participants"" = ""Participants"" panel or button.
Admitting Participants During a Meeting
https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us/articles/360022174112-Using-a-Waiting-Room-with-Zoom-Rooms#h_8afff6b9-54a3-49ec-93dc-4b161d00987b
""Managing Participants"" = ""Participants"" panel or button.
Admit All Participants from the Waiting Room
https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us/articles/360022174112-Using-a-Waiting-Room-with-Zoom-Rooms#h_ed1916d1-c87c-495a-87ec-fe2416b1af8a
""Managing Participants"" = ""Participants"" panel or button.
Sending Participants to the Waiting Room During a Meeting
https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us/articles/360022174112-Using-a-Waiting-Room-with-Zoom-Rooms#h_fe31aa37-a07d-4b3e-8696-c578fd6285f6
""Managing Participants"" = ""Participants"" panel or button.
More Help
Most of the links above come from website below.
https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us/articles/360022174112-Using-a-Waiting-Room-with-Zoom-Rooms
""Managing Participants"" = ""Participants"" panel or button."
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Handbrake -- Smaller Video File Size or Converting Video
Handbrake is a free and open-source program that reduces the file size of videos, but keeps the overall video and audio quality.
It's technically video transcoder, letting you convert video formats and other options and such, but reducing video file sizes is what many, many people use it for.
Download it from here:
https://handbrake.fr/
Once installed, click ""Open Source,"" locate the movie file and select it, click ""Add to Queue,"" and ""Start Queue.""
The bottom of the Handbrake window, between the ""Save As"" and the file name, and the ""Browse"" button, will tell you where the outputted smaller file will end up.
A notification will appear when finished to ""Put down that cockatil..."", and the converted video file will be ready, and will be a smaller file size.
If you don't like the result, click the ""Preset"" menu > ""General"" > ""HQ1080p30 Surround,"" and then do the above instructions again. Rename the old or new (""Save As"") converted movie file, or click to replace the converted movie file when prompted. This will make a smaller video file than your original still, but not quite as small as you first attempt, but with a better picture quality and audio quality."
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Zoom Tips
General Tips
Do not use https:// zoom.us for Drexel Zoom.
Instead...
Use https://drexel.zoom.us for Drexel Zoom.

You can only host 1 meeting at a time on your own account.
Drexel Zoom meetings can be schedule to last as long as 24 hours long, if need be.
Zoom meetings recorded to the cloud are captioned and transcribed automatically.
Transcriptions are automatically made available to those who attend.
Captioning and transcripts are NOT good enough for those who need special accommodations.
International participants can use Zoom to hear and be heard for free through their computer.
International phone rates apply if the phone is used for audio.
Zoom Video Tutorials
https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us/articles/206618765-Zoom-Video-Tutorials
Zoom Hosting Tips (not covered here)
Zoom -- Hosting a Drexel Zoom Meeting
Drexel or Drexel CCI Background
Drexel Zoom Virtual Background
Drexel CCI Zoom Virtual Background
Troubleshooting
Zoom Troubleshooting -- Crash, Audio, Artifact, Lag, Freeze, More"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Zoom -- Whiteboard, 2nd Webcam, and Writing
Using PowerPoint
PowerPoint Use and Writing on iPad and iPhone or iOS or iPadOS
Zoom's Built-in Annotation or Whiteboard Feature
Video:
http://youtube.com/watch?v=aGRf0hL9ObQ
Or see:
https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us/articles/115005706806-Using-annotation-tools-on-a-shared-screen-or-whiteboard
Or for a shared whiteboard, see:
https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us/articles/205677665-Sharing-a-whiteboard
Enable Students/Participants Use of Shared Whiteboard
You can disable that, or enable that again. Here's how.
Login to https://drexel.zoom.us
Click Sign In Standard > Settings.
Scroll down to ""Annotation""
Click on/off switch to ""Allow participants to use annotation tools to add information to shared screens.""
Click on/off switch to ""Allow participants to share whiteboard during a meeting.""
Click on/off switch to ""Auto save whiteboard content when sharing is stopped.""
2nd Camera in Zoom
Join Meeting Again from Phone or Laptop
Concept can work with Bb Collaborate Ultra as well.
Works or Android, iPhone, iPad, ChromeOS, FireOS, Linux, or just a 2nd laptop or device.
https://1513041.mediaspace.kaltura.com/media/Zoom+Writing+Alternative+–+March+2020/1_bmp00qzk
Use iPhone, iPad, or iOS AirPlay
https://1513041.mediaspace.kaltura.com/media/Zoom+--+Use+iPad%27s+or+iPhone%27s+Built-In+AirPlay+for+2nd+Webcam/0_m9qbnkul
Use DroidCam App (Android)
Android shown here but works with iOS too. Super simple. Does not work on Mac laptops.
https://1513041.mediaspace.kaltura.com/media/DroidCam+app+-+Make+Android+Phone+or+Device+a+Webcam/0_n8s7hjss
Use EpocCam
Works with iPad or iPhone on Mac laptops and desktops. Newer iPads or iPhones recommended for this one.
https://1513041.mediaspace.kaltura.com/media/EpocCam+app+as+2nd+Webcam+for+iPad+or+iPhone/1_qd3qelai
Use Surface as a 2nd Monitor with Pen Support
 https://surfacetip.com/use-your-surface-as-a-portable-display/
Use Miro Virtual Whiteboard
This concept can also work with Bb Collaborate Ultra as well. Excellent virtual white board, with post-its!
https://1513041.mediaspace.kaltura.com/media/Miro+Virtual+White+Board+Introduction/1_r58nkijl"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Let Others Download Videos
Kaltura Drexel Streams now DOES allow students and others to download videos.
Here's how:
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Allow Downloads
ANOTHER very simple solution is to simply upload host the original video files to OneDrive. 
Then set the sharing permissions for either anyone with the link to access or anyone at Drexel (or with a Drexel account) to access. 
Instructions at the link below.
Office 365 -- OneDrive Sharing Files and Folders"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
echo360 -- Downloading Lecture Recordings Outside of Bb Learn
This guide tells instructors how to download echo360 lecture recordings from outside of Blackboard (Bb) Learn for Drexel's College of Computing & Informatics (CCI).
Visit the echo360 website.
   (a) https://echo360.org
Click ""Alternate Login.""

Use your long form Drexel email address and DrexelOne or Bb Learn password to login.
   (a) Example of long form email address: michael.j.galloway@drexel.edu
   (b) Your long form email address will be different.

     

   (c) Can't login? Click ""Forgot your password?"" and reset your password.
            i.  This will not affect how you login to echo360 through Bb Learn.
A page showing the most recent ""Active Term"" will appear.
   (a) If you see the class with the recordings you want to download, click the ""ALL CLASSES"" button for that class.
            i.  Then skip to step 5.

                 You will have different class names.
                 And you will click the ""ALL CLASSES"" button in a different class's row.
                  

   (b) If you do not:
         Click the ""Active Terms"" drop-down menu, and select the term for the class.
         

        If you see the class with the recordings you want to download, click the ""ALL CLASSES"" button for that class.
           1. Then skip to step 5.
            
        If you still do not see the recording:
           1. Click the ""Library"" link in the upper left.
          
           2. Search for a specific recording.
           3. Click the recording.
           4. Scroll down to ""Processed files"" section on the right.
             
           5. Click to download one of the recordings.
              (a) hd1 is an HD version of the video showing in the left panel.
              (b) hd2 is an HD version of the video showing in the right panel.
              (c) You likely will want one or both of these videos.
In the row of the date of the recording:
   (a) Click the green or gray arrow button.
   (b) Scroll down if necessary.
   (c) Click ""Download original.""
         There are 2 images below.
        
        
Choose to download computer display with audio, room video with audio, or audio only.
   (a) Click resolution (standard definition is SD, high definition is HD).
   (b) Click ""Download.""
   (c) Download and save the media file to your computer.
        "
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Drexel Zoom Virtual Backgrounds
Find a Drexel CCI Zoom Virtual Background Image:
https://drexel.edu/~/media/Images/cci/Resources/CCI_Zoom_background.ashx?la=en
or...
https://drexel.edu/it/help/a-z/zoom/
Scroll all the way down.
Right click & save the image that you like.
Put that image on our Zoom background.
You can download general Drexel backgrounds from here:
1_Drexel_zoom.jpg
2_Drexel_zoom.jpg
3_Drexel_zoom.jpg
4_Drexel_zoom.jpg
5_Drexel_zoom.jpg
You can also download the Drexel CCI background here: CCI_Zoom_background.jpg
Or...
Visit the CCI Community Resources page on Drexel CCI's website at:
https://drexel.edu/cci/about/cci-community-resources/
Scroll down to ""For CCI Faculty and Professional Staff.""
Click the ""Drexel CCI Zoom Background"" link."
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
QuickTime
QuickTime -- Converting Other Media
QuickTime -- INCLUDE
QuickTime -- Recovering a Video
QuickTime -- Screen Recording Instructions"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
OBS Studio
Introduction
OBS stands for Open Broadcaster Project. ""OBS Studio"" is a screen recorder that anyone can download and use on Windows, Mac, or Linux. With it, you can record video of anything on your computer display's desktop, record audio from a built-in or connected microphone, and record video from a built-in or connected webcam.
There is no time limit on recordings, but the longer and more involved the recording, the more storage space the recording will take up on your computer or wherever you choose to store it.
The user interface is a little different from what you may expect.
Installation
Install ""OBS Studio"" from the webpage below.
https://obsproject.com/
Works on Windows, Macs, and Linux computers.
May require download and installation of some DirectX software from Microsoft on a PC.
You should be taken through what to do to download and install the DirectX software, if necessary.
Instructions
Video
Video -- OBS Studio
Written Step-by-Step
Open the ""OBS Studio"" application.
After opening the ""OBS Studio"" application for the first time.
Click the ""OBS"" or ""File"" menu.
Click ""Preferences"" or ""Settings.""
Click ""Output.""
Make sure the ""Recording Path"" is where you want your recordings to go.
Click ""Browse"" to change this.
Under ""Recording,"" for ""Recording Format,"" choose mp4.
Click ""OK"" in lower right of ""Settings"" window.
If you want to record yourself speaking:
Under ""Mixer,"" make sure you see a green level indicator under ""Mic/Aux"" that moves as you speak.
If you don't, configure and test your microphone and speakers/headphones by visiting the webpage below, clicking “Mic Guides,” and selecting your operating system (OS).
http://www.onlinemictest.com/
If you don’t know your operating system, visit the webpage, below and look beneath where it says “YOUR WEB BROWSER IS:”
https://www.whatismybrowser.com/
If you still have issues, click the gear icon in the ""Mic/Aux"" row, click ""Properties,"" choose a different device, and click ""OK.""
Under ""Sources,"" click the + sign, select ""Audio Input Capture,"" select ""Add Existing,"" select ""Mic/Aux,"" keep ""Make source visible"" checked, and click ""OK.""
If you want to record your webcam video:
Under ""Sources,"" click the + sign, select ""Video Capture Device,"" select ""Create new,"" keep ""Make source visible"" checked, and click ""OK.""
In the ""Properties for..."" window, select your webcam ""Device,"" and click ""OK.""
If you want to record your computer display:
Under ""Sources,"" click the + sign, select ""Display Capture,"" select ""Create new,"" keep ""Make source visible"" checked, and click ""OK.""
In the ""Properties for..."" window, make no changes (unless you have multiple monitors, in which case, choose the monitor to capture from the ""Display"" drop-down menu), and click ""OK.""
To actually start screen recording, click ""Start Recording.""
The ""Start Recording"" button will turn to a ""Stop Recording"" button.
To hide the OBS application window:
On a Mac, click the ""OBS"" application icon at the top of your Mac computer display, and choose ""Hide.""
In Windows, click the ""OBS"" application icon in the lower right of the computer display. You may need to click the ^ to see this icon.
Make your screen recording.
To stop your video, click the ""OBS"" application icon in the toolbar at the top of your Mac computer display, and click ""Stop Recording.""
Or click ""Stop Recording.""
To show the OBS application window:
On a Mac, click the ""OBS"" application icon at the top of your Mac computer display, and choose ""Show.""
In Windows, click the ""OBS"" application icon in the lower right of the computer display. You may need to click the ^ to see this icon.
Click the ""File"" menu, and then click ""Show Recordings"" to see your recordings.
Adding Video and Audio Files to Bb Learn -- Instructors Only
Instructors and course assistants can add video or audio to Bb Learn. See the webpage below for instructions.
Adding Media to Bb Learn via Kaltura or Drexel Streams
Captioning or Transcription
Providing captioning for videos you create is highly recommended.
See Captions.
Live Streaming
See the webpage below.
OBS Studio -- Live Streaming"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
NEEDS UPDATING -- Zoom -- Connect to Microphone and Video Camera by USB or in the CCI Classroom
NEEDS UPDATING WITH VIDEO SHOWING HOW TO CONNECT VARIOUS LAPTOPS TO PODIUM IN CCI CLASSROOMS.
Make sure your laptop's image appears on the front projector or front monitor.
Make sure you have connected the correct USB cord on the podium to your laptop.
Make sure the CCI classroom microphone is not muted.
CCI Classroom Privacy & Audio Controls Check for Echo360 and Zoom
Once the USB cord is connected, click ""Join Audio by Computer"" in Zoom.
Not sure how? Click link below for YouTube video instructions
https://youtu.be/rJc-Af5i7hU
If problems continue, do all of the following:
Click the lock or shield or i icon to the left of the URL in the address bar,
and make sure the site settings are to ""Allow"" the microphone and camera.
(Not just ""Ask."")
Close your internet browser completely.
Do *NOT* END the meeting.
Just *LEAVE* the meeting.
You will likely be prompted to do one or the other.
Disconnect the USB and the adapter dongle and/or HDMI cord from the laptop.
Re-connect the USB, adapter dongler and/or HDMI cord.
Restart the Zoom session.
The above steps can help with many issues, like if the AV Bridge for the microphone is detected by the laptop, but not the AV Bridge for the video camera.
You may also want to watch the YouTube video below on joining by audio/video via Zoom.
https://youtu.be/rJc-Af5i7hU"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Record Zoom Breakout Rooms
Introduction
There is a known ""issue"" with Zoom where it may not seem ""possible"" to record meetings in a breakout room.
However, there's a workaround solution in order to allow participants to record in their own breakout rooms.
Here's the instructions and steps on being able to do this.
Allowing Recordings in Zoom Breakout Rooms
You can allow recording in breakout rooms by elevating the participant's permission in the break out room
by joining the breakout room, then going to the ""participants"" panel.
(You need to be the host or the co-host in order to do this)

After you enter the breakout room, press ""More"" to elevate the Participant's permission.
No matter the access level, you are required to join the breakout room to ""elevate"" the participant's permission to begin with. 

This is a roundabout way of allowing the participant to record,
but this is a simple way of allowing breakout rooms to record.
Additionally, you can also record in the main room and the breakout room concurrently,
and can be saved to the device or cloud. For better-ways to save the files, you can upload the recordings to
OneDrive at https://onedrive.com ,
or Kaltura Drexel Streams at https://drexel.edu/it/streams
Recordings can be shared as ""Unlisted"" videos. 

It is always a good suggestion to initiate the recording process with separate people,
and can either be cloud or local for saving the video.
To find the recordings, you can get the locations from this link:
https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us/articles/206277393-Finding-and-viewing-local-recordings."
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Joining Teams from 2nd Device
Join the meeting on your primary device (the one you will be speaking with and listening in the meeting on).

Join the meeting on your secondary device signed in under the same account. When asked, make sure to click ""Add this device"".

On your secondary device, begin screen sharing.


Now you should be able to listen to the meeting on your primary device while screen sharing your second device.
Link for Guest: Microsoft Teams Guest Link"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Zoom -- Scheduling Meetings with a Password
Visit https://drexel.zoom.us & click ""Sign in Standard.""
Click “Settings” in left navigation panel.
Scroll down to & click to disable “Embed password in invite link for one-click join.” (Left on toggle switch is disable.)
a. Also, if you have meetings with non-Drexel people in Zoom:
b. We recommend clicking to disable both ""Only authenticated users can join meetings"" & Only authenticated users can join meetings from Web client.""
c. Enable this on a per-meeting basis (explained below). Doing so is HIGHLY encouraged for all meetings with only Drexel students, staff, instructors, adjuncts, or faculty attending or speaking.
Scroll up to & click “Meetings” in left navigation panel.
Click “Schedule a New Meeting.”
Fill in Topic, Date, Time, etc.
Scroll down to & check “Meeting Password.”
a. Then type in what you want Password to be.
If there are any non-Drexel attendees or speakers:
a. Scroll down to & uncheck “Only authenticated users can join.”
b. Everyone will still have to enter the password you set above.
c. But they do not have to first authenticate by logging into to Drexel Connect to attend the Zoom meeting as well.
If only Drexel students, staff, instructors, adjuncts, or faculty are attending or speaking:
a. Keep checked “Only authenticated users can join” if you wish.
b. Everyone will still have to enter the password you set above.
c. But now they must also first authenticate by logging into to Drexel Connect in order to attend the Zoom meeting.
d. If anyone is already signed in through their Zoom application to their Drexel account, they will only be asked to enter the password you set above.
e. Works in web client too.
Copy the link, or click “Copy the invitation” & copy the meeting info.
a. Share that meeting information with others via email or where and how you wish.
You may also want to include this link, which tells people how to stay in through their Drexel Zoom application to their Drexel account, making it easier to enter meetings where only authenticated Drexel Zoom users are allowed, but they will also have to enter the password you set above.
Zoom -- Login or Registration or Redirect Issues"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Mac remote access to Mac -- Setting up a Mac computer for remote access to another Mac
Set the Mac computer that you wish to access remotely so that it doesn't sleep. 
Click apple icon (upper left) > System Preferences > Energy Saver > Power Adapter (if Battery and Power Adapter are tabs to choose from). 
Check ""Prevent computer from sleeping automatically when the display is off."" 
If you have issues later on, return here and uncheck ""Put hard drives to sleep when possible."" 
Check ""Wake for Wi-FI network access."" 
Check ""Enable Power Nap…""
Close ""Energy Saver"" window. 
Set the Sharing or remote access to be enabled and to only allow the user (and iCommons full timers and icommonscrc) 
Click apple icon (upper left) > System Preferences > Sharing. 
Check the ""Screen sharing"" checkbox. 
   (a) Select ""Only these users"" next to ""Allow access for."" 
   (b) Write down the ""vnc://"" IP address under ""Screen Sharing: On"" 
   (c) Click the + sign and add the select users mentioned above. 
            i.  For ""User name,"" enter ""DREXEL\"" (no quotes), followed by the user's DrexelOne userid or short form Drexel email address
                   (a) Example: DREXEL\mjg88 
                   (b) Example 2: DREXEL\icommonscrc 
Check the ""File Sharing"" checkbox. 
   (a) Select ""Only these users"" next to ""Allow access for."" 
   (b) Write down the ""smb://"" IP address under ""File Sharing: On"" 
   (c) Click the + sign and add the select users mentioned above. 
            i.  For ""User name,"" enter ""DREXEL\"" (no quotes), followed by the user's DrexelOne userid or short form Drexel email address
                   (a) Example: DREXEL\mjg88 
                   (b) Example 2: DREXEL\icommonscrc 
Check the ""Remote Login"" checkbox. 
   (a) Select ""Only these users"" next to ""Allow access for."" 
   (b) Write down the ""ssh"" terminal command under ""Remote Login: On"" 
   (c) Click the + sign and add the select users mentioned above. 
            i.  For ""User name,"" enter ""DREXEL\"" (no quotes), followed by the user's DrexelOne userid or short form Drexel email address
                   (a) Example: DREXEL\mjg88 
                   (b) Example 2: DREXEL\icommonscrc 
The user likely only needs Screen Sharing, but the others can provide additional access for special purposes. 
Make sure the computer is left on, and does not sleep or hibernate.
   (a) Mac desktops have a tendency to turn off when no one is logged in. 
   (b) So make sure you have locked your computer. 
   (c) Don't log out. "
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Zoom -- Use on Android and iPad, iPhone, or iOS
iOS, iPad, or iPhone
Install the Zoom app from Apple App Store or Play Store
https://apps.apple.com/us/app/zoom-cloud-meetings/id546505307
Click Zoom meeting link (only if you have a link).
Open app and click ""Join meeting.""
Enter Meeting ID #, and click ""Join.""
Join audio or click microphone.
a. Do *NOT* join audio or click microphone
if you are already joined from your computer
& using your iPhone or iPad as a 2nd screen in a presentation.
If you want, click camera icon to share video.
Tap screen if options disappear.
To share screen, tap Share Content > Zoom > Start Broadcast.
3-10 seconds later, your screen will be shared.
When finished screen sharing,
click ""OK"" at the prompt that the ""Broadcast"" has stopped.
For how to write on a Zoom screen, whiteboard functionality, or whiteboard alternatives.
2nd Webcam and Writing
When finished with end user, end the meeting ""for all"" on your end.
You cannot control an iOS device screen from Zoom, but you can see everything.
Android
Install the Zoom app from the Google Play Store
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=us.zoom.videomeetings&hl=en_US
Click Zoom meeting link (only if you have a link).
Open app and click ""Join meeting.""
Enter Meeting ID #, and click ""Join.""
Join audio or click microphone.
Do *NOT* join audio or click microphone
if you are already joined from your computer
& using your iPhone or iPad as a 2nd screen in a presentation.
If you want, click camera icon to share video.
Tap screen if options disappear.
To share screen, tap Share Content > Zoom > Start Broadcast.
Tap agree to ""share sensitive info"" (i.e. whatever is on screen).
3-10 seconds later, your screen will be shared.
When finished screen sharing,
click ""OK"" at the prompt that the ""Broadcast"" has stopped.
For how to write on a Zoom screen, whiteboard functionality, or whiteboard alternatives.
2nd Webcam and Writing
When finished with end user, end the meeting ""for all"" on your end.
You cannot control an Android device screen from Zoom, but you can see everything.
When finished screen sharing, click ""OK"" at the prompt that the ""Broadcast"" has stopped."
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Set-up a Free Zoom Account
Drexel CCI faculty, staff, and students should *NOT* use a free Drexel account. INSTEAD, they should use the Drexel Pro Zoom accounts at https://drexel.zoom.us .
Non-Drexel people do NOT need to sign in to join a Zoom meeting usually.
They just need a Zoom meeting link or ID, and to click ""Join"" on the Drexel Zoom or regular Zoom home page, and enter the info there.
Visit https://zoom.us
Click “SIGN UP FREE.”
Follow the onscreen instructions to create a free Zoom account.
Login to Zoom if necessary.
Click “HOST A MEETING.”
Click “With Video On” or “With Video Off” (your choice).
Follow the on-screen instructions to host a meeting with no else there to test out Zoom.
You then will likely be taken through how to download and install Zoom on your computer.
If necessary, open the downloaded application to install it.
Enter a name and email before joining the meeting.
Once in the meeting, click “Join Audio Conference by Computer.”
Look for color in the microphone to change as you speak.
That will let you know it's working.
If you have audio problems,
dial-in by telephone using the information below.
Your experience hosting a free Zoom meeting with no one else attending will be very similar to what you see in the actual meeting in Zoom.
Optional additional information on Zoom can be found at the following webpage:
Zoom"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Zoom -- Adding Co-Hosts or Alternate Hosts
Make Someone Host or Co-Host During a Meeting
You need to be the host, usually.
https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us/articles/201362573-Pass-Host-Controls-and-Leave-the-Meeting
Pre-Meeting -- Make Someone Host or Co-Host
Go to https://drexel.zoom.us
Click ""Sign In Standard"" & login.
Click ""Meetings"" > ""Schedule a New Meeting.""
Or click an existing meeting.
Fill out the meeting schedule form.
At the bottom of the form...
Enter the Drexel email address(es) in the “Alternative Hosts” field.
FIRST try their short form email address.
Their Drexel userid followed by @drexel.edu .
Click “Save” to schedule the meeting.
Pre-Meeting -- If Email Does Not Work to Add Someone as a Co-Host
If the short form email doesn't work, and it is a Drexel person, you need their long-form email address.
Everyone at Drexel has a short and long email address.
Email sent to either end up in the same email address,
but we need to use the long form for Drexel people.
One way to get the Drexel long form email address
is to look up the other person in the Drexel Directory at
https://drexel.edu/about/contact/
Click the person's name if you do not see their email address.
Another way to get someone's long form Drexel email address
is for that person to go to https://drexel.zoom.us ,
click “Sign In Standard,” login,
and look on their “Profile” page for what their “Sign-In Email” is,
and send that email address to you (the Host).
A final way is to email Mike Galloway & give him 1-2 business days.
Provide him with the Drexel userid (not student or employee ID #'s) and full name.
Only short or long form Drexel emails are needed for Drexel people.
Non-Drexel people should provide the email address associated with their Zoom account.
Alternative Instructions
https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us/articles/206330935-Enabling-and-adding-a-co-host"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Adding Pronouns to Your Zoom Profile
Tagged with: zoom
If you would like to add pronouns to your Zoom profile,
follow the steps outlined below.
Visit https://drexel.zoom.us
Click ""Profile"" in the left navigation panel.
Click ""Edit"" to the right of your name & ""Department"" information.
Add your pronouns under ""Pronouns.""
& how you would like to share them.
(We encourage people to click “Always share in meetings and webinars."")
Click ""Save."""
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
QuickTime -- Screen Recording Instructions
Instructions
Mac only, edits video (limited editing).
Pre-installed on Macs and found under Applications.
Video Instructions
Video -- QuickTime Streams Screen Recorder
Help (Scroll down to the ""Record your screen"" section):
https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT201066
Record computer display and audio *OR* webcam and audio are defaults.
To record audio, see screenshot below where I've circled the arrow you need to click to select your microphone.
Record webcam *and* computer display work-around: Click ""File > New Movie Recording,"" position the movie recording window and re-size it and set it to float on top via ""View > Float on Top"". Then click ""File > New Screen Recording” and make a screen recording.
Editing? Limited. Can trim unnecessary content from beginning or end of video.
Adding video or audio to Bb Learn? See link below (Recordings automatically uploaded to Drexel Streams):
Adding Media to Bb Learn via Kaltura or Drexel Streams
ONLY Instructors and Professional Staff can do this. Students cannot.
Providing captioning for videos you create is highly recommended.
See Captions.
Adding Video and Audio Files to Bb Learn -- Instructors Only
Instructors and course assistants can add video or audio to Bb Learn. See the webpage below for instructions.
Adding Media to Bb Learn via Kaltura or Drexel Streams
Captioning
Providing captioning for videos you create is highly recommended. The following webpage will provide instructions for automatically generating captions.
Captions and Transcriptions
https://docs.cci.drexel.edu/display/CD/Captions+and+Transcriptions
Recovering a Video
See the following webpage.
QuickTime -- Recovering a Video"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Adding Audio or Video to a Content Area -- Instructors Only
You need to record a video first.
If you need options for how do to that, see the link below.
Adding Media to Bb Learn via Kaltura or Drexel Streams
For Kaltura Drexel Streams, in a content area (the areas in your course section/shell with the “Build Content” and “Assessments” and “Tools” and “Partner Content” drop-down menus at the top)…
A content area in a Bb Learn course section is a webpage that has the ""Build Content,"" ""Assessments,"" ""Tools,"" and ""Partner Content"" drop-down menus at the top.
The name of your content area will likely be different than ""Course Materials.""
Click Build Content > Kaltura Media > +Add New to add a new video
Or Select instead of +Add New in order to choose from an already uploaded video.
Follow onscreen instructions.
It takes time for videos to be playable after upload. Give it a few hours, though it may upload much sooner.
There are 3 ways to see your upload Kaltura Drexel Streams videos.
Visit https://drexel.edu/it/streams , and login.
Click ""My Media"". Search for videos.
Visit Bb Learn at https://learn.dcollege.net
And click Sign In Standard > Tools (in left navigation panel) > Kaltura My Media.
Search for videos.
Visit DrexelOne at https://one.drexel.edu .
Login, click ""CAMPUS+COMMUNITY"".
Scroll down to & click ""Drexel Streams.""
Click ""My Media"". Search for videos.
Want to allow students to download the video?
There's a work-around solution for this. See link below.
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Allow Downloads"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Zoom -- Add Videos to Bb Learn using Kaltura Drexel Streams
Your Zoom Videos Are Probably in Kaltura Already
Kaltura is the preferred option with your Bb Learn course section to add videos.
For a 1-3 hour recording, it usually takes 3-6 hours for videos to appear in Kaltura after Zoom recording stops. Rare occasions up to 24 hours.
The shorter the recording, the less time it takes.
After that, Zoom recordings, using the record to cloud option in Zoom, are ready to add to your Bb Learn course section via the Kaltura tool.
Simple Instructions
Make sure the Zoom application or program on your computer is signed into your Drexel account.
Login to https://drexel.zoom.us (NOT https://zoom.us)
See: Zoom -- SSO Single Sign-On and Host Sign-In to MAKE SURE YOU ARE SIGNED INTO YOUR DREXEL ACCOUNT.
Record a Zoom meeting using the record to cloud option.
Or use Zoom to make a pre-recorded lecture or presentation.
See: Zoom -- Recording
Wait a few hours for recordings to appear.
1-5 minute TEST recordings will be up MUCH faster
The Zoom meeting has to be over.
Go to your Bb Learn course section.
Enter a ""Week"" or other content area.
Click ""Build Content"" > ""Kaltura Media.""
Wait 5-10 seconds.
Select your video.
Follow the on-screen instructions.
Example of a content area.
Many content areas are ""Week 1"" or ""Week 2"" or similar.

Editing Video
Light Video Editing in Kaltura or Drexel Streams
Great option for light video editing.
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Edit Video or Video Settings
No Real Editing in Zoom Recordings
We recommend editing in Kaltura or Drexel Streams for most quick video editing.
Zoom is great, but when you edit a video, it just adds skip points in a video.
If you download the Zoom video, or when it backs up to Kaltura or Drexel Streams, the edits in Zoom disappear.
OTHER Free video editing options are suggested at the page below.
Recording Video on a Computer and Adding to Bb Learn -- aka Screen Record
More Help
Adding Video Manually to Kaltura or Drexel Streams or Bb Learn
Do NOT just upload a movie file to Bb Learn or Drexel Learn directly. Upload through Kaltura or to Drexel Streams first!
Students:
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Adding Media to Bb Learn -- Student Instructions
Instructors: 
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Adding Kaltura Audio or Video to a Content Area -- Instructors Only
Instructors - Add to a Text Box in Bb Learn
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Embed Kaltura Audio or Video in Any Bb Learn Text Box
Where to find Kaltura or Drexel Streams? 
Go to a ""Week"" or other content area in a Bb Learn section.
Click ""Build Content"" > ""Kaltura Media.""
Or...
Go to Drexel Streams
https://drexel.edu/it/streams
Login & look under “My Media.”
Drexel Streams offers access to the same videos as Kaltura does.
But also offers additional features.
Kaltura & Drexel Streams are otherwise the same video repository tool.
Kaltura & Drexel Streams are available to all Drexel faculty, staff, instructors & students.
Very, Very Old Zoom Videos may NOT be in Kaltura
Everything from July 2021 and after will be backed up to Kaltura if recorded to the cloud in Zoom.

If you are looking for something before July 2021, see steps below.
Any Zoom video will only be around for 18 weeks!!
Kaltura links in Bb Learn course sections last indefinitely.
Videos in Drexel Streams also remain indefinitely.
If Zoom videos are NOT in Kaltura already,
either download the Zoom Videos (see Zoom -- Recording )
or...
visit OneDrive in a web browser at https://portal.office.com ,
login with Drexel email & pw,
click cloud or OneDrive icon to the left after login,
and look for back-ups of old Zoom recordings from SP 21 or before.
Only older Zoom videos will be there.
Upload your Zoom videos to Bb Learn in a ""Week"" or other content areas
using ""Build Content"" > ""Kaltura Media.""
See Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Adding Kaltura Audio or Video to a Content Area -- Instructors Only
Alternative: Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Embed Kaltura Audio or Video in Any Bb Learn Text Box
Other Links
Upload Zoom videos not already uploaded to Drexel Streams:
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Uploading Directly to Drexel Streams -- Playable by Anyone with Link
More on uploading videos to Bb Learn using Kaltura:
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Adding Media to Bb Learn"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Uploading Directly & Making Playable by Anyone with Link
If you need to upload a video to Drexel Streams (outside of a Bb Learn course section, usually).
Visit https://drexel.edu/it/streams
Login with your Drexel userid and password.
Click ""+Add New"" > ""Media Upload.""
Agree to terms of use.
Upload your video.
Once uploaded, or while uploading...
If you need a link that anyone on the internet can click and open...
Set the ""Publishing Status"" to ""Unlisted.""
Enter Name, and optionally Description & Tags.
Click ""Save.""
Wait 30 seconds, or (if you see one) a faint blue status bar at the top of the window to fill."
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
DegreeWorks Help Page
Helpful DegreeWorks Links
https://drexel.edu/ais/training/Degreeworks/
https://drexel.edu/drexelcentral/registration/courses/degreeworks/
https://drexel.edu/~/media/Files/ais/Documentation/DegreeWorks%20for%20Advisors%20Overview%20v3.ashx?la=en
https://drexel.edu/ais/resources/Troubleshooting/DegreeWorks%20FAQs/
Report issues with Degreeworks to ais_degreeworks@drexel.edu"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Import iCal (Apple Calendar) into Microsoft Outlook
Go to the Apple icon > System Preferences > Apple ID > iCloud (if on Mojave). Check the box for Calendar.
Next, open your Apple Calendar app on your Mac, check if the Calendar you use is under ""iCloud"" or ""On my Mac."" 

* You click the colored checkbox to select or deselect calendars there.
* Some are added by default.
* If you don't see those headings on the side, click the tiny calendar icon in Calendar in the upper left.

See Image below.


If your calendar is under ""iCloud,"" generate a URL for it.

* Screenshot shows a person icon.
* If you have a sideways Wifi icon next to the calendar, click that instead.
* If you don't have a person or side-ways WiFi icon next to the calendar,
* hover your mouse pointer over it,
* and you'll see the person or side-ways WiFi icon.

Once you have copied the calendar URL,
* visit https://outlook.office.com
* in a web browser.
* Login with Drexel userid@drexel.edu and Drexel password.
* Or however you normally login to Drexel One or Bb Learn on the web.
Go to the calendar and click ""Add calendar."" See image below 


Click ""Subscribe from web.""
Copy/paste in the URL.
Click ""Import.""
Follow any other onscreen instructions.
Once finished, your Apple Calendar should appear in the left nav panel as a selectable (clickable) calendar option.
Wait a few minutes for calendar to sync *AND* refresh the webpage.
If you want to see your Apple Calendar and Outlook Calendar at the same time,
you can just select both calendars in the left nav panel. See image below
Or click ""Week"" in upper right, toggle on/off ""Split View.""

BUT... WHAT IF YOUR CALENDAR IS UNDER ""On My Mac""?
If you don't have your calendar showing under ""iCloud,""
here's what to do:
After doing steps 1-2 above, in the Apple Calendar app, select the calendar you want to copy over (export). Make sure it's actually highlighted, and not just with a checkmark on it.
Click ""File"" > ""Export"" > ""Export"". 
Choose where to ""Export"" it on your Mac, and click the ""Export"" button. An .ics file with the name of your calendar will be saved where you chose to export it.
Visit https://outlook.office.com in a web browser. Login with Drexel userid@drexel.edu and Drexel password. Or however you normally login to Drexel One or Bb Learn on the web.
Go to the calendar and click ""Add calendar.""
Click ""Upload from File.""
Click ""Browse."" Upload the .ics file from where you saved it on your Mac.
Choose the Outlook calendar to upload it to. There may only be 1 choice.
Click ""Import."" Follow any other on-screen instructions."
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
echo360 -- Stats and Analytics
Live Video Streaming Stats
Tracking attendance for an echo360 live video stream is not very well developed yet, unfortunately.
The best method to track live video streaming attendance in echo360 during class is to have students use the Q&A feature to acknowledge that they are present.
And it's recommended that ask students to type in present as a new question, ideally for that class, just after the start of class and once more when you take a break or another time during the class.
Currently, there is no requirement that online remote students in cross listed online, and on-campus (F2F) classes attend the live video stream.
The webpage below will tell you how to use Q&A in echo360.
 echo360 -- Q and A Feature
The analytics in echo360 help very little with tracking live video streaming attendance.
But what little is offered is covered in the Recording Stats section below.
Recording Stats
     1. Enter the echo360 area through Bb Learn.
     2. Click “ANALYTICS.”
      
     3. Click “Students.”
     4. Click “All Classes.”
     5. Choose a class.
     6. Look at the “Attendance” and “Video Views” and “% Viewed” for each student.
          (a) Attendance: Only “Attendance” has any relevance to the live video stream, and the “Attendance” feature does not do much. The “Attendance” feature merely tracks if a student entered an echo360 live video stream for a class (really, the echo360 area for that class) at any time from between 10 minutes before the start of class and 5 minutes before the end of class.
But a student could simply enter and then leave during this time, and they would be marked as having attended class.
          (a) Video Views: “Video Views” will tell you if a student watched at least 5% of a video, and then count that as 1 view, but this is only for recordings, and not for live video streams, which is not tracked at all by this value.
Live broadcast stats will not appear as views in echo360 stats.
          (b) % Viewed: ""% Viewed” will tell you how much of the recording was watched by a student. But again, this is only for a recording, and not for a live video stream.
Additional Information
More about echo360 analytics can be found at the webpage below:
echo360's ""Viewing Student Analytic Data"" webpage
https://support.echo360.com/customer/portal/articles/2872032?b_id=16610
echo360's ""Engagement and Analytics Metrics Defined (What do the analytics mean?)""
https://support.echo360.com/customer/portal/articles/2870797-engagement-and-analytics-metrics-defined?b_id=16610"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Making Echo360 Class Recordings Unavailable
Instructors can make a published Echo360 class capture recording unavailable on their own now, if you run into a problem with someone saying something they shouldn't in a class until a recording can be edited.
If you now set Echo360 class capture recording that is still processing to be unavailable, it will be unavailable still when it finishes processing.
First, click the ""echo360 Class Capture"" link in your course, and enter the Echo360 page in your course
If you have never done this before, see the following webpage. And then return here.
echo360 -- First Use in Bb Learn
Then, to make the recording unavailable, see the following link.
http://help.echo360.org/index.htm#t=Instructor_Guide%2FIGTopics%2FWorking_with_Content%2FMaking_Content_Unavailable_to_Students.htm"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Mapmaker - Tiles
Introduction
Tiles are placed in your space/room to define private areas, spawn, portals to other locations, and impassible areas.
What are Tiles?
In general, a tile is one square of the grid on which you build your maps for your Gather Space. When you are inside of a Space, a single, quick press of your arrow keys will move your avatar one tile in the direction of the arrow key you pressed. 
All tile squares in Gather are 32 x32 pixels in size.
In the Mapmaker, you can have special tile types that are used to create specific effects. Each type of tile provides a different function for your Gather space. 
You can find and place the special Tile Types in the Mapmaker by selecting the Tile tab or pressing the hotkey [t].

The default Tile Type is ""Impassible Tile"" which is represented by an X. In the above image, the ""Spawn Tile"" type is selected and the icon in the upper left has changed to the corresponding matching map pin image. 
You can only add or delete the tile type you have selected. This helps you edit the different layers of tiles you have placed rather than accidentally deleting an Impassible Tile when you only wanted to delete the Private Space Tile in the same location.
Spawn Tiles
Spawn tiles are used by the mapmaker/host to designate where new attendees spawn in your event space! These spawn tiles can be placed directly near the entrance door of your space if you have guiding materials in your space for new users. They can also be placed throughout the room if you'd like users to enter in a specific area of your entrance.
Spawn Tiles are designated by these green highlighted tiles in the Mapmaker:

For larger conferences, you are welcome to create multiple spawn areas within your entrance room so that users spawn randomly and spread out in the space:

Changing your Spawn Default Entrance Room
Currently every room requires at least one spawn tile, just in case you decide to change the default entrance room. To change your default entrance room, you can right click on the room name in the top left room list and click set as default room.

Portal Tiles
Portal tiles are used by the mapmaker/host to connect various rooms within your space, as well as connecting separate Gather spaces together. 
Please note that portal tiles are ONE-WAY only, so you will need to place portal tiles from both sides of the origin room as well as the destination room.
When you select the portal tile option, you will be able to place a blue highlighted tile and the following two prompts will show up.

""Portal to a room"" will allow you to place portals in the same room or a different room within the same space you are currently working in. When you select this option, you will see a drop-down list of all rooms in the current space. Select the designated room you'd like to connect, then place the portal tile in the destination room. Please remember to then switch to the destination room and place another portal tile linking back to the original room.  The best practice is to place portals at the back end of a doorway, as indicated, and the exit destination as in front of the doorway.


Private Tiles
Private tiles are areas in the map where users in the private areas can only see each other, no matter how far they are with no video/audio fading.
Only other users in the same private area can see or hear you."
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Zoom -- Pre-Assign Participants to Breakout Rooms
Instructions
https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us/articles/360032752671-Pre-assigning-participants-to-breakout-rooms#h_f1d7287d-ade8-4b73-b0b9-37365faecf55
For Drexel students, staff, faculty, or instructors, you must use their long-form Drexel email address.
Drexel long-form email addresses go to the same email inbox as Drexel short-form or abc123 or userid email addresses.
DU IT for some reason likes to use the long-form email address in Bb Learn and Zoom and such.
We're not sure why, but yes, it's silly. 
Look up each person by last-name, first-name in the Drexel directory website below.
https://drexel.edu/about/contact/
Sometimes short-form email addresses work,
but it’s almost always best to use the long-form email addresses first,
and then try the short-form email.
IMPORTANT & HELPFUL NOTE!
During a Zoom meeting, the Host can click the Breakout Rooms icon,
click the gear icon,
and check a box to allow participants to choose their own breakout rooms,
if you want to allow your students or meeting participants to choose their own Breakout Rooms."
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
echo360 -- Troubleshooting Live Broadcast Issues
Asked to Login? Here are Steps to Try
You generally should not need to login to Echo360, so if you are being asked to do so, try the following.
Do not use:
Internet Explorer, the old default web browser in Windows 8.1 and below. Microsoft is only do occasional security updates now for it.
Edge, the current default web browser in Windows 10. It has issues with Bb Learn and various other websites.
Access Echo360 through the Bb Learn course:
Login to https://learn.dcollege.net/ and logging in with your DrexelOne or DrexelConnect userid and password.
Click the course whose lectures you wish to view in Echo360, the ""echo360 Class Recordings"" link in the left navigation panel.
And click the ""echo360 Class Recordings for [YOUR COURSE]"" link near the top of the page.
Disable any & all privacy enhancing or script blocking or fingerprint fooling or ad blocking plug-ins, add-ons, extensions, or settings in your web browser.
Vist https://echo360.org (but do not login, though it's okay if you are in Bb Learn and you are auto-logged in to echo360) there, and that will make it easier to disable these by tapping the appropriate icons in your browser web address bar or upper right toolbar.
Firefox instructions:
https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/enhanced-tracking-protection-firefox-desktop
Chrome has no built-in features that you should need to enable for this.
Add-ons or plug-ins or extensions can usually be clicked on when you visit the page to disable for just that website.
If you are using a work computer, and run into issues, the problem could very well be that your work computer is blocking web services and/or related applications need by Echo360 to work.
So if you run into issues on your work computer, try your personal computer.
Clear your cache in your Web Browser
Chrome Instructions
https://support.google.com/accounts/answer/32050?co=GENIE.Platform%3DDesktop&hl=en
Firefox Instructions
https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/how-clear-firefox-cache
Enable Cookies in your Web Browser
Most people need to have cookies enabled in their web browser. Here's how for major web browsers.
Chrome
https://support.echo360.com/customer/portal/articles/2928710-chrome-recommended-browser-configuration?b_id=16610
Firefox
https://support.echo360.com/customer/portal/articles/2928830-firefox-recommended-browser-configuration?b_id=16610
Safari
https://support.echo360.com/customer/portal/articles/2928694-safari-recommended-browser-configuration?b_id=16610
Additional Information
https://support.echo360.com/customer/portal/articles/2928694-safari-recommended-browser-configuration?b_id=16610
Try a different web browser. Use of Chrome or Firefox is recommended. Both are free to download.
Chrome: https://www.google.com/chrome/
Firefox: https://www.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/
Video Camera Pointed in Wrong Direction
See - Returning a vaddio CCI Classroom Video Camera to its Initial Angle.
Cannot Find One or More Recordings
For the “COURSES” section in Echo360, the “Default” order in the “Sort By” drop-down menu is odd.
Scroll down to the bottom of the Echo360 “COURSES” webpage for your Drexel CCI course.
Or if you change the “Sort By” drop-down menu to “Oldest,” you’ll see the one or more recordings that you are missing.
If you still cannot find a recording, contact the Drexel CCI iCommons HelpDesk at 215-895-2480 or ihelp@drexel.edu.
Audio Is Hard to Hear
Is the audio hard to hear in an Echo360 recording or live video stream? Then try the following:
Adjust the volume slider when playing an Echo360 recording or live video stream:

Adjust your computer's volume
For Macs or Apple computer or laptops: https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT203186
Ignore the recommendation to upgrade your Mac OS or macOS.
For Windows computers: http://www.thewindowsclub.com/adjust-volume-for-individual-programs-windows
In particular check out the ""Volume Mixer"" section, but the whole webpage has lots of good suggestions for adjusting sound.
If the above webpage for Windows does not help, see the following webpage.
https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/help/4026994/windows-fix-sound-problems
If none of the advice above helps, contact us using information at the bottom of this webpage you are reading this on.
No Audio or Video or Recording Feed Freezes or Stutters
No video or audio in Echo360? Or audio and video feed coming in and out? Try the following steps:
Step 1
Logout of Echo360 and Bb Learn.
Close your internet browser completely.
Reopen your internet browser.
Log back into your Bb Learn course shell at https://learn.dcollege.net .
Try to access the Echo360 recordings again in the ""Echo360 Class Recordings"" area.
Click the ""Echo360 Class Recordings for [YOUR COURSE]"" link within that area.
Do not watch or share audio or video in Bb Collaborate Ultra when using Echo360.
If this does not work, try next step.
Step 2
Close your internet browser completely, and try a different internet browser.
If this doesn't work, try next step.
Step 3
You may somehow be having the wrong email address (long form is needed rather than the short form) or the wrong password get sent to Echo360.
A password reset may fix this. Here's how.
Find your Drexel long form email address.
Usually, it is your full name, with a period between the first, middle initial, and last name, followed by @drexel.edu.
Example: michael.j.galloway@drexel.edu . (Your long-form email address will be different.)
Enter Bb Learn at https://learn.dcollege.net , and try to enter Echo360 again.
If no login screen appears, logout of Bb Learn, and visit the Echo360 website (link below).
https://echo360.org/directLogin
If an Echo360 login screen appears in either Bb Learn or the Echo360 website, move onto step 4.
When you get to the login screen, enter your long form email address.
Use your Bb Learn password as your password.
If that doesn't log you in, click ""Forgot your password""
If prompted, enter your long form email address.
Click ""Send Email.""
Log out of Bb Learn too (if logged in).Close all open internet browser windows and tabs.
Wait 30 seconds.
Open your internet browser.
Follow the instructions in the email after receiving it.
Logout of Echo360 (if in Echo360).
Login to Bb Learn, and try again.
CCI Technical Staff -- Reboot Echo360 Device and Check Classroom Microphone for Serious Technical Issues
CCI Technical Staff: For any serious issues, try rebooting the Echo360 device and making sure the classroom microphone is not muted using the instructions below.
echo360 -- Rebooting echo360 Devices in CCI Classrooms
NEEDS UPDATE - echo360 -- Muting the Microphone during a Recording or Broadcast
For live broadcasts, interrupt the class for the 30 seconds or one-minute it takes to restart the device and/or turn on the microphone.
Echo360 takes 10 minutes or so to fully reboot. The live video stream and recording will start immediately afterwards again, but there will be a 10 minute or so gap.
If that doesn't work, offer to set-up Bb Collaborate Ultra in the classroom.
See Bb Collaborate Ultra
Slow Computer Response or High CPU or GPU Load
If your computer is running really slow and/or has a high GPU or CPU or processing load, then try the following:
Shrink the size of one or more of the video windows for the Echo360 broadcast, and/or the size of the internet browser tab where the videos are playing.
You may be able to reduce the size of the video windows in the internet browser.
If that doesn't help. change your computer's display resolution to something much, much lower.
If that doesn't help, follow the instructions in the section above called ""No Audio or Video or Recording Feed Freezes or Stutters.""
This issue can happen on 4K monitors, especially if there are hardware compatibility issues.
Enable Cookies in Safari on a Mac
Mac Safari users,
If you get a message about allowing cookies:
Click the ""Safari"" menu at the top left in Sarari.
Click ""Preferences.""
Click ""Privacy.""
Select ""Always allow"" next to ""Cookies and website data.""
Close the ""Security"" window.
Reload the Bb Learn webpage.
Safari is an internet browser on a Mac or Apple computer.
Mono Sound Only or Sound from One Speaker or Headphone
If you have mono sound (sound coming from one speaker or side of your headphones) when listening to Echo360 recordings, check your computer's sound settings, and then contact ihelp@drexel.edu to let us know if the issue persists. The following are work-around solutions that should help until a permanent solution is found.
Work-around Solution for Mac Users
You can make mono sound go to both your left and right speakers or headphones on a Mac by doing the following:
Click the Apple icon in the upper left corner of your Mac desktop display.
Click ""System Preferences.""
Click ""Accessibility.""
Check the box next to ""Play stereo audio as mono.""
Close the ""Accessibility"" window and you should now hear mono audio from both your left and right speakers or headphones.
Work-around Solution for Windows Users with Headphones
If you have headphones on a Windows PC (7, 8.1, 10), the following should make mono sound go to both your left and right headphones.
We currently don't have any solution for making the mono sound go to both speakers with a Windows PC, unfortunately.
Right-click the speaker icon in the lower-right of your Windows desktop display.
Click ""Playback devices.""
Under the ""Playback"" tab, right-click your sound output device, and then click ""Properties.""
Click the ""Enhancements"" tab.
Scroll down and check ""Headphone Virtualization.""
Click ""OK.""
Static Occasionally in Audio
Some users on some computers may hear occasional static. We're trying to figure out why this is happening still.
We do have a proposed work-around solution if the issue is that static occasionally comes from one speaker or side of your headphones, but no other sound is heard from that side.
WARNING: You won't be able to use the work-around solutions for mono sound above with the work-around solution below, however.
Work-around Solution for Mac Users
The following should prevent the right or left speaker or headphone from making any noise at all on a Mac.
Click the Apple icon in the upper left corner of your Mac desktop display.
Click ""System Preferences.""
Click ""Sound.""
Click ""Output"" so that it is highlighted.
Click your ""device for sound output.""
Move the slider in the ""Balance"" area either all the way to the left or right.
You will want to move away from the speaker or headphone side that is making no sound except occasional static.
Close the ""Sound"" window.
Work-around Solution for Windows Users
If you have headphones on a Windows PC (7, 8.1, 10), the following should prevent the right or left speaker or headphone from making any noise at all.
Right-click the speaker icon in the lower-right of your Windows desktop display.
Click ""Playback devices.""
Under the ""Playback"" tab, right-click your sound output device, and then click ""Properties.""
Click the ""Levels"" tab.
Click ""Balance""
Bring either the ""L"" or ""R"" speaker level all the way down to 0.
You will want to do this for whichever speaker makes no sound at all except for occasional static.
Click ""OK.""
Click ""OK.""
Click ""OK."""
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
How to Tell if Recording
In a CCI classroom, look in the front of the podium.
Find the echo360 device in the podium.

Is the circled left arrow on the front is lit up in red?
echo360 is recording."
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Zoom -- HIPAA Private Mode
Set-up Zoom HIPAA Private Mode
Visit https://drexel.zoom.us
Click ""Sign in HIPAA.""

   

Login on Drexel Connect.
Click ""Confirm your email address.""



Then click ""Switch to the new account"" in the email. Wait 1-3 minutes for email to reach you.



Click ""I Acknowledge and Switch.""
   (a) Switches you to the HIPAA Private Mode version of Zoom.
   (b) Revisit Zoom at https://drexelprivate.zoom.us if you do not see this.

          

You will see ""HIPAA Private Mode Video Conferencing"" appear in the upper left.


This will change how your Zoom account works going forward.

Using Zoom HIPAA Private Mode Video Conferencing
HIPAA Zoom is very similar to regular Zoom, so the following links still largely apply.
Zoom
Zoom -- Scheduling
/display/CD/Zoom+--+Scheduling
Key Differences with Regular Zoom
Zoom HIPAA Private Mode is VERY similar to the normal Zoom Pro accounts that all Drexel faculty, instructors, staff, and students have.
Here are the differences:
End-to-end encryption, including encrypted chats
   •   A green lock with an E on it appears in upper left of Zoom meeting, indicating end-to-end encryption.
Removes device & user information in logs and reports.
Only records to the host's computer, not the cloud.
No live streaming to YouTube, Facebook, & Workplace on Facebook.
   •   You can live meetings with multiple people, but not to the general public.
Uses https://drexelprivate.zoom.us or drexelprivate.zoom.us 
   •   Rather than https://drexel.zoom.us or drexel.zoom.us
   •   This is how Zoom session links start.
   •   Also, SSO or Single-sign-on windows will ask you to fill in [ BLANK ].zoom.us
   •   Enter drexelprivate in front of .zoom.us for HIPAA Private Zoom meetings
Want to Use Non-HIPAA Zoom?
Visit https://drexel.zoom.us .
But click ""Sign In Standard.""
And not ""Sign in HIPAA."""
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
TechSmith Capture
Note: Jing is now referred to as TechSmith Capture.
Install and Enable Flash - Needed for TechSmith Capture
Note that Chrome and Firefox can say they need Flash installed, when it just needs to be enabled or allowed.
The webpage explains how to install and/or allow or enable Flash.
Flash -- Enabling or Installing in Chrome, Firefox, and Safari
Then return here.
Instructions
The following video links will tell you how to use TechSmith Capture.
Be sure to click the video icon in TechSmith Capture to capture video.
Take Your First Capture
https://www.techsmith.com/tutorial-jing-taking-your-first-capture.html
Capture a Video
https://www.techsmith.com/tutorial-jing-record-video.html
Share to Screencast.com
https://www.techsmith.com/tutorial-jing-share-to-screencastcom.html
More TechSmith Capture Tutorials
https://www.techsmith.com/jing-tool.html
Click the link above and SCROLL DOWN
Embed video in Bb Learn wiki page or other text
NOT RECOMMENDED if you do not have experience with HTML code.
Edit the Bb Learn wiki page (or text description of a Bb Learn Item, Folder, or other content or section).
Click the double-down arrow in the large ""Content"" or description text box.
This expands the toolbar to show more options.

Click ""HTML"" icon in ""Content"" or description toolbar.

In a new web browser tab or window, visit the screencast.com weblink that contains the video.
Example of the screencast.com weblink for this: https://www.screencast.com/t/S0VM6aoBpiuA .
Your screencast.com weblink will have different letters and numbers at the end or the link.
Change the left ""px"" box to something like ""400px"" (without quotes).
If that is too small, repeat the above steps, and enter ""600px"" (without quotes) instead.
Click the ""Copy"" button under the ""Embed Code"" box.
Then click the ""Close"" button.
In the Bb Learn wiki page web browser tab or window, paste the embed code where you want it to appear.


Embed code appears in wiki ""Content"" or description text box.


Click ""Submit"" to save changes.
If you see a message that says ""Flash Player is blocked.""
If you see a black box instead of the video, click the black box.
Click the white right arrow or triangle, click it to play the video.

Need video to be larger? Click the full screen icon in lower right of video."
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Zoom -- Scheduling
Managing Privacy, Security, and Users
Be sure to review Managing Users, Privacy, and Security Measures at the link below.
Zoom -- Managing Users, Privacy, and Security Measures
Video Instructions -- Zoom Scheduling
https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us/articles/201362413-Scheduling-meetings
Zoom Sign-In -- Written Instructions
Visit https://drexel.zoom.us
Click ""Sign in Standard.""
Login with your DrexelOne userid@drexel.edu and DrexelOne password.
Emeritus Faculty Only: You may need to use your Drexel email address that contains your fist name, (usually) middle initial, and last name followed by @drexel.edu.
Example: michael.j.galloway@drexel.edu
If the Zoom app opens instead & asks for you to login:
Click “SSO” or ""Sign in with SSO."" (SSO = Single Sign-On)
Use “drexel.zoom.us” as the “company domain” in the prompt.
Click “Continue.""

Click “Open link” or similar to use “zoom.us” to open the link/application.
Click “Schedule” to schedule meetings.


Click “Meetings” in left navigation panel.
Click “Schedule a New Meeting.”
Zoom Scheduling -- Written Instructions
Go to & login to https://drexel.zoom.us
See section below if issues with logging in.
Fill in the form.
For “Topic,” give meeting name or host's name,
meeting date, start time through end time, time zone,
building name, room number.
Recommended: Keep it short as possible.
Example: OLC ETC Mtg, Fri, 9/28/18, 3-4pm Eastern, Rush 137
In “When”, put in day of meeting and start time.
REMEMBER to select AM or PM.
Enter “Duration.""
Select “Time Zone.”
Usually Eastern or GMT -4 Eastern.
If you want “Recurring meetings,” check that box.
Then specify how often the meeting will reoccur.
If you have a meeting that changes day/date/time,
under “Recurrence,” select “No Fixed Time.”
Leave Video “off” for both “Host” and “Participant.”
Attendees/Participants can turn their video on themselves.
For “Audio,” choose “Both.""
So you can choose telephone or computer audio.
Helps with audio problems in particular.
Under “Meeting Options,” check “Enable join before host.
Choose “Record to the Cloud.""
If you wish, check “Record the meeting automatically.”
Helps if you don't want to forget to record a meeting.
Do not check anything else.
Click “Save.”
If you wish to have people register for a meeting:
Great idea if you have large meetings,
or if you are publicly posting the Zoom.
See Zoom -- Using Registration for Public Zoom Meetings
If publicly posting the Zoom:
See Zoom -- Tips for Virtual Walk-In Meetings or if Zoom Link on Public Website
Scroll down & click “Copy the invitation.""
Copy/paste & share the invite info with others via an Outlook email.
Here is a sample invitation.
Not a real Zoom meeting.

Schedule Large or Publicly Posted Meetings
If you are scheduling a large meeting, or a meeting with the Zoom Meeting link publicly posted,
be sure to ALSO review the following, in addition to instructions below.
Using Registration for Public Zoom Meetings
Tips for Virtual Walk-In Meetings or if Zoom Link on Public Website
/display/CD/Zoom+--+Tips+for+Virtual+Walk-In+Meetings+or+if+Zoom+Link+on+Public+Website
Schedule a Zoom Meeting for Someone Else
Zoom -- Scheduling for Someone Else -- Delegated Access
Telephone-Only Conference Call
Schedule a Zoom meeting.
   •  As shown above.
But only share 1 or 2 of the Zoom meeting phone numbers, plus the Meeting ID.
Phone number & meeting ID are in the email or calendar invite.
International calls will cost money. International participants should attend by computer only to avoid charges.
Deleted a Meeting and Need to Recover?
Recover Deleted Meeting or Recording
Scheduling with a password
Zoom -- Scheduling Meetings with a Password"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Zoom -- Polling
IMPORTANT NOTE: ""Only the original meeting host can edit or add polls during a meeting. If the host or co-host role is transferred to another user, that user will only be able to launch polls already created."" (From Zoom link below).
Note:
As long as you are not clicking “Host a Meeting” in the upper right (once logged into https://drexel.zoom.us ),
and as long as you have “Polling” enabled on the “Settings” page (it's enabled by default),
all other Zoom meetings where you are the only host or one of the co-hosts will let you do “Polling”
without setting that up ahead of time.
You can copy paste your Personal Meeting Zoom link from the profile page
or schedule a meeting to have a Zoom meeting with a Poll.
For how to conduct a poll during a Zoom meeting:
https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us/articles/213756303-Polling-for-Meetings"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Find Your Kaltura Audio or Video After Upload -- See Also
See Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Finding Your Kaltura Audio or Video After It Is Uploaded"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Echo360 Information
echo360 -- Advanced and Additional Topics
echo360 -- Editing Class Recordings
echo360 -- First Use in Bb Learn
echo360 -- How to Tell if Recording
echo360 -- Making Class Recordings Unavailable
echo360 -- mobile device use and troubleshooting
echo360 -- Q and A Feature
echo360 -- Troubleshooting
echo360 -- Turning Downloads Off for your Class
echo360 -- Uploading and Editing Video and Polling or Adding a Quiz
NEEDS UPDATE - echo360 -- Muting the Microphone during a Recording or Broadcast"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Zoom -- Student-Made Meeting Rooms, Share between Students
Introduction
This would be good way of having students create their own little ""Zoom rooms"" at will that others could not enter.
And that an instructor does not have to create. 
(But instructors cannot audit or record the group work using this method, unless you ask students to share recordings and gather them, and that will be a lot of work for the instructor.)
One Student Quickly Schedules and Shares a Meeting
1 student in group does the following:
Log into Zoom via https://drexel.zoom.us 
Click Sign In Standard> Meetings > Schedule a Zoom meeting.
Make no changes.
Just click ""Save"" at bottom.
Then the student either...
Clicks ""Copy the Invitation"" > ""Copy Meeting Invitation.""
The pastes info into email & send email to 1 or more other students in group.
OR...
Gives the ""Meeting ID"" to the 2nd student (or other student group members)
who then visit https://zoom.us
or
https://drexel.zoom.us
Then click ""Join Meeting,"" 
How to Make Another Meeting Quickly
In first Zoom meeting,
click ""Leave Meeting"" > ""End Meeting (for All)"" or ""Leave Meeting"" (again).
Log into Zoom via https://drexel.zoom.us in a new web browser tab.
Click ""Meetings.""
Click ""Delete"" next to meeting that just ended.
a. Then ""Delete"" again.
b. Delete the wrong meeting?
See Recover Deleted Meeting or Recording
Follow the steps in the ""One Student Quickly Schedules and Shares a Meeting"" section above."
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
echo360 -- Attendance Unlikely to Be Affected by Recordings
A common reason to not record a lecture is concerns that students will not come to class.
echo360 provides the webpage below to explain how that's unlikely. If you know of meta-analyses or systematic reviews or reviews of multiple studies to the contrary, please feel free to share them with us.
""Does Lecture Capture Help Students? Five Studies that End the Debate""
http://blog.echo360.com/does-lecture-capture-help-students-five-studies-that-end-the-debate"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Zoom -- Set Only Authenticated Users OR Only Drexel Users
RECOMMENDED -- Only Drexel-authenticated users can join meetings
Except for meetings open to the public, 
*EVERYONE* should do this to ensure everyone in your meeting first logged in by Drexel Connect.
So only Drexel people are attending.
Login to https://drexel.zoom.us
Click ""Settings""
Click to turn on/right the ""Only authenticated users can join meetings"" option.
If ""Drexel Zoom"" is not the ""Default"" option,
click ""Edit"" next to ""Drexel Zoom,""
check ""Set as default authentication option,""
make sure ""drexel.zoom.us,drexel.edu"" (no quotes) are entered,
and click ""Save.""
You honestly might not even be able to edit this.
Also, click to turn on ""Only authenticated users can join meetings from Web client"" option.

To enable/disable again for all future Zoom meetings, all scheduled Zoom meetings, and for your Personal Meeting ID Zoom room:
Make this the default for all future meetings.
Login to https://drexel.zoom.us
Click ""Settings"" > ""Only authenticated users can join meetings"" (scroll down to see) >
click switch to go right.
Enable for a scheduled meeting.
Login to https://drexel.zoom.us
Click ""Meetings"" >
check ""Only authenticated users can join meetings"" (scroll down to ""Meeting Options"").
Enable for your Personal Meeting ID.
Login to https://drexel.zoom.us
Click ""Sign In Standard"" > ""Meetings"" > ""Personal Meeting Room"" >
check ""Only authenticated users can join meetings"" (scroll down to ""Meeting Options"").
ALSO, direct Drexel students/staff/faculty to link below for redirect issues and to make it easier/faster for them to join Zoom meetings.
Login or Registration or Redirect Issues
Visit Managing Users, Privacy, and Security Measures for more helpful Zoom privacy & security tips."
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Adding Media to Bb Learn -- Student Instructions
Creating Videos & Screen Recordings to Upload
While you can record video and even screen record in Kaltura,
there are lots of free options for you, all covered at the link below.
Recording Video on a Computer and Adding to Bb Learn -- aka Screen Record
Zoom is covered above as well.
You definitely can host a 1-person meeting & record yourself and/or your screen.
And the Zoom recording will auto-upload (auto-backup) to Kaltura or Drexel Streams.
If you login to Zoom with your Drexel username/password
using the SSO or Single Sign-On option.
Upload/Post Videos in Bb Learn with Kaltura
Kaltura is an embedded tool that lets you easily embed your uploaded Drexel Streams videos into Bb Learn assignment or discussion board or more.
Quick Instructions -- Submitting through Discussion Board
>>>>>SP 23 CI -102 LOOK HERE!<<<<<
NOTE: It looks like DU IT & Blackboard removed the circled + sign icon (even after clicking the ... icon) in the Discussion Board toolbar. But the method below does not rely on this, and will still work.
Student visits https://drexel.edu/it/streams in their web browser. Logs in with Drexel Connect userid and password, if prompted.
The Drexel Streams (Kaltura) website will appear.
Click ""My Media"" if video is already uploaded.
Or if video not uploaded:
click ""+Add New"" > ""Media Upload"" to upload a video.
Check box to agree to terms and conditions.
Click area or button to upload video.
Find and upload video on computer.
Wait for video to upload.
Click Save.
Wait for ""Your changes have been saved' message.
Click ""Go to My Media.""
Click title of video.
Scroll under video to ""ACTIONS,"" and click ""Publish"", then ""Unlisted,"" then ""Save.""
Click the ""Share"" tab. Copy the link under ""Link to Media Page.""
Paste the link to the video in the discussion board for submitting the presentation.
Quick Instructions -- Submit by Assignment Submission Link
>>>>>SP 23 CI -103 LOOK HERE!<<<<<
Click the Assignment Submission link for your video presentation in the Bb Learn course section.
You'll then be on the Assignment submission page.
Click ""Write Submission"" button.
In the large text box, click the ... icon on the far right to expand the toolbar.
You'll see 2 rows of toolbars after that.
Click the circled + sign.
Select the ""Kaltura Media Item.""
If you haven't upload your video yet:
Click ""+Add Item.""
Click ""Media Upload.""
Choose a file to upload.
Find the video file on your computer & select/open the video file to upload it.
Click ""Save and Embed.""
If you already uploaded a video to Kaltura or Drexel Streams:
Click ""Save and Embed"" video next to the video you want to submt.
The video should appear in the large text box.
Click ""Submit"" to submit your video presentation.
Detailed Instructions
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Embed Kaltura Audio or Video in Any Bb Learn Text Box
OR...
DU IT's/ITG's VIDEO: Submit a Video from Drexel Streams as an Assignment in Blackboard Learn
BE SURE to look at the next section too,
especially if the above method is not viable for submitting something for your class assignment or project.
Drexel Streams to Create Video Links for Anyone
Drexel Streams lets you modify the sharing permissions
to Unlisted on videos you upload
and quickly copy a link you can paste into emails or anywhere to share with others.
Unlisted is much better than any Published video option for this, generally.
For how to do this, see:
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Sharing Kaltura Audio or Video with Non-Drexel Users
Problems Uploading
Try again.
Sometimes Kaltura or Drexel Streams has flukes.
Also, close/re-open your web browser.
Or try a different web browser.
If the video is said to be incompatible or too large,
Handbrake has been the free go-to for a long time to quickly solve those issues.
For how to us Handbrake this, see:
Handbrake -- Smaller Video File Size or Converting Video
Quick Notes
Drexel Streams = Kaltura... mostly.
Drexel Streams and Kaltura are more or less the same.
The links below DO NOT SUBMIT videos to assignments or instructors. They are just good to know for this purpose, but there's more to submitting such assignments.
Drexel Streams is at:
https://drexel.edu/it/streams
or...
https://1513041.mediaspace.kaltura.com/
& has more features.
Kaltura is embedded in Bb Learn & lets you easily post in Bb Learn. Fewer features, though.
Same videos. Same backend service.
More on all of this below. 
Uploading Video, Audio, Media to Drexel Streams
It sometimes is easier or more helpful to upload a video you made to Drexel Streams directly, rather than through Bb Learn.

The links below DO NOT SUBMIT videos to assignments or instructors. 
They are just good to know for this purpose, but there's more to submitting such assignments.

Access Drexel Streams at:
https://drexel.edu/it/streams
or...
https://1513041.mediaspace.kaltura.com/
& login with Drexel userid/password.

Click +ADD NEW > Media Upload > agree to the terms, if prompted > and then ""Choose a file to upload. Follow on-screen instructions.

Again, this DOES NOT SUBMIT videos to assignments or instructors. 

It just helps towards that end.
Finding Uploaded Video, Audio, Media in Drexel Streams
It can be easier to search Drexel Streams for videos you uploaded via Kaltura to Bb Learn, rather than in Bb Learn..
Or you are in Drexel Streams and want to find a video, so here's how.

Go to Drexel Streams at:
https://drexel.edu/it/streams
or...
https://1513041.mediaspace.kaltura.com/
Click ""My Media"" & search or browse.
Even More Information on Kaltura or Drexel Streams
See:
DU IT's/ITG's VIDEO TUTORIALS on Kaltura or Drexel Streams
NOTE: You cannot make anyone a co-editor, co-publisher, or co-viewer
if that person hasn’t visited or logged into
Kaltura Drexel Streams at:
https://drexel.edu/it/streams
or...
https://1513041.mediaspace.kaltura.com/
Generally, this isn't necessary, though."
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Zoom not working and Troubleshooting
Basic Troubleshooting
Make sure webcam is not covered.
Uninstall Zoom completely from the computer Zoom isn't working on.
How to uninstall in Windows 10.
Download & install Zoom again.
Use the SSO or Single-sign on option to sign in.
Screenshare Shortcut Key
If someone cannot figure out how to screenshare, especially if you are trying to assist them, tell them to use the following shortcut key combination
Alt + S
Tell them to press and hold the Alt key. And then keep the Alt key held down, while they tap the S key once. Repeat these instructions slowy for a non-tech savvy user.
This shortcut allows the user to screen-share without having to find the share button
Echoes and Sound Artifacts
If possible, use a headset with a microphone, or AirPods or very good alternatives.
NO cheap bluetooth headphones with mics!
Your own external speakers play audio that the microphone picks up.
And others in the meeting could have the same thing going on.
It's a lot for echo cancellation to handle at times.
AirPods or headsets reduce what microphones pick-up, except for your own voice.
Everyone in the same physical room as the host user
should *mute their computer microphones and computer speaker volume.*

The host user is the exception.
The host user should NOT mute their computer microphone and computer speakers...
UNLESS the host use is using a phone or speakerphone for audio.
Then the host indeed should mute their computer microphone & computer speakers.
Zoom Lags or Freezes or Audio is Delayed
Try one or more of these suggestions.
All hosts, presenters, panelists, or participants:
mute your audio if you are not speaking much.
All hosts, presenters, panelists, or participants:
turn off your video, unless truly needed.
Instructors or others requiring video to appear may need to be flexible on that requirement.
If someone is screen sharing, have that person stop,
and adjust the resolution on their computer to 1920 x 1080p (or i) or below.
Then re-share screen.
Any scaling you choose is fine.
Close any open applications or browser tabs or windows not needed for the meeting.
Closing non-essential apps in the lower right (System Tray) in Windows,
or upper right (Menu Bar) in Mac, if you can.
Click the ^ in Windows (lower right) and right-click.
Close any messaging apps, Adobe apps, Microsoft apps not needed for this meeting.
Leave the Zoom meeting.
Update the Zoom app installed on your computer.
Re-enter the meeting.
Try updating Zoom. See link below.
Zoom Updating or Updates
Participants on their own personal WiFi network
might to try shutting down any other devices
on their personal WiFi network
to increase the overall available bandwidth.
Recovering a Deleted a Scheduled Meeting or a Recording
Zoom -- Recover Deleted Meeting or Recording
Invalid Meeting ID or Invalid Meeting Number Error
Zoom -- Invalid Meeting ID or Invalid Meeting Number
Zoom Crashes
Try one or more of these suggestions.
See what we suggest in the Zoom Lags or Freezes or Audio is Delayed section above.
If you are using another application, and Zoom is crashing:
uninstall/reinstall that application.
Use with OneNote has been an issue at times. Close OneNote.
Close and use less than 8 tabs in whatever web browser you have. 
Removing unknown or unused add-ons and extensions and clearing cache/history can help.
Link below has instructions.
Clear Browser Cache & History.
Do not use ""Gallery"" mode. It is resource intensive.
More info:
https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us/articles/201362323-Changing-the-video-layout-Active-Speaker-View-and-Gallery-View-
Uninstall & reinstall Zoom.
Reboot your device.
In the Zoom app, go to
Settings > Video Settings > Advanced.
Under ""Use hardware acceleration for"", uncheck ALL option.
If you still have problems after trying all the above,
try to change ""Video Rendering Method"" to ""Direct3D11.""
You may also want to Google this:
Best Zoom Video Rendering Method
and include the make, model, and/or OS of your computer in the search phrase.
If the above does not help, doing a more thorough update of drives, BIOS,
and such can help in Windows.
See link below.
Properly Update Windows 10 & Drivers in Windows 10
If nothing above helps, or you need other help with Drexel CCI classes or meetings, please reach out to ihelp@drexel.edu for further assistance."
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
QuickTime -- Converting Other Media
Here is how you can use QuickTime to convert other audio, video, or media to another format by screen recording it while it plays on your Mac.
To prevent unwanted audio during the recording, if you have two 3.5 mm audio ports, one for ""headphones"" (""lineout"") and one for ""microphone"" (""mic"" or ""linein""), find a 3.5 mm cord with a male plug at both ends, and plug the cord (or plug the plug) into the ""headphone"" and then the ""microphone"" ports or jacks on your computer. Make sure your screen recorder is not set to pick up computer audio. Then play the video and see if the screen recorder is picking up audio. Then do a test recording to see how it sounds.
If you don't have a ""lineout"" and ""linein"" 3.5 mm audio port on your computer, you can find USB-to-3.5 mm adapters (converters) on Amazon for less than $10 that have .
Here are example images of a 3.5 mm cord with a male plug at both ends.

 -by-step instructions for making such a screen recording using QuickTime on a Mac are below.
Review the webpage below for how to screen record with ""QuickTime.""
QuickTime -- Screen Recording Instructions
Open the video, audio, or other media on your Mac. Expand the window with this media and the contents of the window as large as possible without losing any wanted visuals.
Click the green circle in upper left of a window to expand it so that it takes up the entire display.
To return to the window to normal size, move your mouse pointer to the top of the computer display, and take your hands off your Mac's touch pad or mouse for 2-3 seconds. You'll see the top of the window appear, and then you can click the green circle again.
You can keep a window maximized but switch between another Window in recent Mac OS or macOS by placing 3 fingers on the touch pad and swiping left on the touchpad. Swipe 3 fingers right to go back to the maximized window.
Switch between applications using the keyboard:
Press and hold the ⌘ key (also known as ""command"" or ""cmd""), and then press ""tab"" once while holding the ⌘ key down.
The ""Application Switcher"" window appears.
While holding the ⌘ key, press the ""tab"" key one or more times to select an application to the right.
While holding the ⌘ key, press the ` key one or more times to select an application to the left.
Switch between multiple open windows for the same application, like an internet browser.
Press and hold the ⌘ key (also known as ""command"" or ""cmd""), and then press ' one or more times while holding the ⌘ key down to select the desired window.
Open up the QuickTime application on your Mac.
If you switch to a different application on your Mac then QuickTime, you'll likely have to open QuickTime again.
When QuickTime is open, if you right-click the QuickTime icon in the ""Dock"" or set of icons at the bottom of the Mac computer display, select ""Options,"" and select ""Keep in Dock,"" you can more easily access ""QuickTime.""
If a pop-up window for selecting files appears, click ""Done"" in lower right.
Click ""File"" and then ""New Screen Recording.""
Set the microphone in ""QuickTime"" to be ""Line In.""

Make sure the volume slider line is slid all the way to the left.

Set your Mac computer's volume to be about 75-80% of maximum.
Click the apple icon in upper left of computer display, select ""System Preferences,"" click ""Sound,"" click ""Output,"" and move the slider accordingly.
Or click the speaker icon (if available) in upper right of computer display, and move the slider accordingly.
 Find a 3.5 mm cord with a male plug at both ends, and plug the cord (or plug the plug) into the ""headphone"" and then the ""microphone"" ports or jacks on your computer.
Switch to the window with the media and start playing the media or running the media presentation.
Switch back to the QuickTime window, and check that audio level indicator is moving (meaning that audio is being picked up).
You usually want twice as many white bars appearing on average as shown in the following image.

Switch to the window with the media, stop playing the media, and set the media back to the beginning.
Check how long the media will play for.
Start the recording.
You may want to just do a test recording for 10-20 seconds first, and see what you get. Then discard the test recording.
Switch to the window with the media and start playing the media from the start.
Move your mouse cursor to the far left or right, and as far out of sight as possible.
Don't move it down or up.
Set a timer (most mobile devices have them built-in to clock applications with timers) for the length of the recording.
Wait for the media to play through, and don't do anything else on the computer playing the media.
When the timer expires, check that the media has finished playing, and stop the screen recording.
In ""QuickTime,"" use the ""Trim"" feature under ""Edit"" and then ""Trim"" to remove unwanted video from the start and end of the recording.
Start at the right side, and move the right end of the yellow box right to set where the video will end.
Note that if you move the slider, and then stop moving the slider without releasing it, QuickTime will ""zoom in"" so that you can move the slider over much shorter time intervals more easily.
Move the left end of the yellow box left to set where the video will start.
If you start on the left, then do the right side, you often have to redo the left side again.
Note that if you move the slider, and then stop moving the slider without releasing it, QuickTime will ""zoom in"" so that you can move the slider over much shorter time intervals more easily.
You can play the video within the yellow box to see what is still included and click different points in the movie timeline.
Click ""Trim"" when finished editing start and end of the video.
Save the video where you want with what name you want on your Mac."
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Microsoft Teams Member and User Management
Tagged with: permission channel microsoft teams users microsoft members users guests permissions guest microsoft teams members teams microsoft teams member people user channels
You can add anyone to a Team in Microsoft Teams as an owner, member, or guests. Guests are external to the Drexel organization (not students, not employees, not faculty, not paid researchers). No one can have access to a channel in a Team in Microsoft Teams if they are not a member, guest, or owner for that Team. However, you can use Private Channels if you want select members and guests of that Team to see that channel and its contents.
Creating Standard vs Private Channels.
Private channels have select members or guests only with access to that channel, rather than everyone in the team, like a Standard Channel.
https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/office/create-a-standard-or-private-channel-in-teams-fda0b75e-5b90-4fb8-8857-7e102b014525
Permission Level Differences for Team Roles Explained
https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/office/team-owner-member-and-guest-capabilities-in-teams-d03fdf5b-1a6e-48e4-8e07-b13e1350ec7b
Add guests to a team in Teams
https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/office/add-guests-to-a-team-in-teams-fccb4fa6-f864-4508-bdde-256e7384a14f
Set guest permissions for channels in Teams
https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/office/set-guest-permissions-for-channels-in-teams-4756c468-2746-4bfd-a582-736d55fcc169
Add Regular Team Members
https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/office/add-members-to-a-team-in-teams-aff2249d-b456-4bc3-81e7-52327b6b38e9
More on Teams
https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/office/Teams-and-channels-df38ae23-8f85-46d3-b071-cb11b9de5499"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Zoom -- Webinars for Large Virtual Meetings or Talks or Lectures
If you login to https://drexel.zoom.us , and click ""Webinars,"" you'll see this line:
""Zoom Video Webinars allow you to easily conduct large online events with
video, audio and screen sharing for up to 100 video participants and 10,000 attendees.""
Which aptly describes Zoom Webinars.
Really, any event with more than 50 people,
and especially events with non-Drexel attendees,
are great candidates for Zoom webinars.
Zoom webinars are NOT something to use for Drexel CCI classes, though.
Zoom webinars are ideally suited for larger,
less frequent events where you only want a select few to be able
to talk, share video, or use their webcams,
and the select few are usually the presenters, hosts or co-hosts, or moderators.
To arrange a Zoom webinar, email ihelp@drexel.edu with the following information.
Date of event
Start time
End time (estimated)
# of participants (estimated or desired)
Who is speaking?
Who should be included as co-hosts or moderators?
Include faculty and professional staff
who may answer or moderate chat questions,
or how need to mute/unmute audience microphones,
which are muted in webinars by default.
More Information on Zoom Webinars from Zoom
Meeting and webinar comparison
https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us/articles/115005474943-Meeting-and-webinar-comparison
Roles in a webinar
https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us/articles/360000252726
Getting started with Question & Answer (Q&A) in webinars
https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us/articles/203686015#h_78b48699-e323-4f45-87d9-37b1ad5273b7
Webinar practice session
https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us/articles/206316975
Roles in a meeting
https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us/articles/360040324512-Roles-in-a-meeting"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Adding Media to Bb Learn via Kaltura or Drexel Streams
Tagged with: kaltura kaltura media drexel streams kaltura quiz
Introduction
Kaltura Drexel Streams is the recommended video and audio repository for Bb Learn or any Drexel videos. One Kaltura audio or video file in Bb Learn can be shared in multiple different Bb Learn course sections, conserving server storage space. And Kaltura video is easily playable by students and instructors in the major internet browsers.
IMPORTANT!!!!!
Do NOT link to Zoom cloud recordings! They are deleted in 18 weeks.
ONLY use Kaltura Drexel Streams when uploading videos to Bb Learn.
Do NOT upload videos directly to Bb Learn!
It slows down Bb Learn & costs the university MUCH more money.
Simple Instructions
Go to your Bb Learn course section.
Enter a ""Week"" or other content area.
Click ""Build Content"" > ""Kaltura Media.""
Wait 5-10 seconds.
Select your video.
Or...
Click ""+Add Media"" and upload media.
Follow the on-screen instructions.
Example of a content area.
Many content areas are ""Week 1"" or ""Week 2"" or similar.

More In-Depth Instructions
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Adding Kaltura Audio or Video to a Content Area -- Instructors Only
Add to a Text Box:
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Embed Kaltura Audio or Video in Any Bb Learn Text Box
Video Tutorials on using Kaltura or Drexel Streams
DU IT's/ITG's VIDEO TUTORIALS on Kaltura or Drexel Streams
Uploading Directly to Drexel Streams -- Playable by Anyone with Link
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Uploading Directly to Drexel Streams -- Playable by Anyone with Link
Video Assignments in Bb Learn
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Video Assignments or Discussion Board Posts in Bb Learn
Student Instructions
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Adding Media to Bb Learn -- Student Instructions
Allow Download of Videos
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Allow Downloads
Light Video Editing in Kaltura Drexel Streams
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Edit Video or Video Settings
Drexel ITG Resources
https://drexel.edu/it/help/a-z/kaltura/tutorials/
Other Useful Topics
Recording Video on a Computer and Adding to Bb Learn -- aka Screen Record
Kaltura Capture
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Finding Your Kaltura Audio or Video After It Is Uploaded
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Sharing Kaltura Audio or Video with Non-Drexel Users
Captions
Troubleshooting
Check the status of the Kaltura service at the website below.
https://status.kaltura.com/
If you have issues uploading, try the following.
Simply try again.
Try in a different web browser.
If the video is more than 1 GB, try splitting the video into 2 parts.
Use free Handbrake app to convert the video to a smaller size & widely accepted formats (as well as encoding)
Handbrake -- Smaller Video File Size or Converting Video
If working from home...
At least 25 Mbps download and 5 Mbps upload are recommended, if possible.
Slower upload speeds could lead to timeouts with very large video files.
Keywords: Kaltura, Kaltura, Kaltura, Kaltura"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
echo360 -- Troubleshooting
Troubleshooting a Flashing Video Feed
Troubleshooting Live Broadcast Issues
Troubleshooting on a mobile device
Troubleshooting Recording Playback Issues"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Zoom -- Maximum Attendees and Breakout Rooms
Every Drexel faculty, student and staff has Drexel pro Zoom account.
Drexel pro Zoom account can host up to 300 participants for a meeting.
You can have all 300 participants in 1 breakout room.
You can have up to 50 breakout rooms.
Up to 200 participants can be pre-assigned to breakout rooms.
If a larger room(more than 300 people) is needed for zoom meeting,
please contact ihelp@drexel.edu
if you are Drexel CCI faculty/students/staff.
Note: Only the main room gets recorded.
Record Zoom Breakout Rooms
For additional information about Drexel Zoom & breakout rooms:
https://drexel.edu/it/help/a-z/zoom/zoomfaq/
https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us/articles/206476313-Managing-Breakout-Rooms#h_1660846b-7d2d-4a87-b8a6-efe29a61759a"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
QuickTime -- Recovering a Video
If you just recorded a video in QuickTime, and try to save the ""Untitled"" or not yet saved video, and you get a window pop-up that says ""Cannot Open,"" or for some reason just can't save the video…
Keep the unsaved video open.
If you close or have closed the unsaved video, you may lose the video.
Open Finder or click a blank area of your desktop.
Press keyboard combination of Cmd-Shift-g or go to the ""Go"" option in ""Finder.""
Type in the following folder path in the field provided, and click ""OK.""
~/Library/Containers/com.apple.QuickTimePlayerX/Data/Library/Autosave Information/
Note that you can just type in the first ~/Library/Containers or so, press OK, and click through to the rest.
Look for a file called ""Unsaved QuickTime Player Document.qtpxcomposition,"" or something similar.
Right-click or ctrl-click or 2-finder clicker the file, and select ""Show Package Contents.""
Copy the ""Screen Recording.mov"" file to your desktop.
Open the ""Scree Recording.mov"" file on your desktop and confirm it's the recording you want.
If you have the right recording, close without saving the ""Untitled"" or not yet saved video window. You do not need it now.
Rename the ""Scree Recording.mov"" file on your desktop as something appropriate.
 Thanks to stackexchange and Matt Sephton for posting this tip at webpage below.
https://apple.stackexchange.com/questions/317842/cannot-open-when-trying-to-save-screen-recording-in-quicktime-player"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
echo360 -- Sharing an Individual Class Recording -- for Instructors
Introduction
Some instructors choose to have their classes recorded in echo360 but to have these recordings be unavailable to students by default.
This webpage explains how an instructor can share the recording of a particular lecture or class with one student or a select number of students when the recordings for this class are unavailable to students by default.
Students will access these recordings at the https://echo360.org website, outside of Bb Learn.
*INSTRUCTORS: It is your responsibility to inform students if your class is being recorded but that these recordings are unavailable.*
You will be contacted multiple times before the start of a quarter if your class is going to be recorded.
We HIGHLY RECOMMEND obtaining department head, assistant department head, or program director approval before sharing class recordings with anyone who wasn't enrolled as an instructor, course assistant, or student in the class.
Logging into echo360
You can login to echo360 to find your class recordings at https://echo360.org.
Your login email address is going to be your long form Drexel email address.
   (a) For example: Mike Galloway's long form Drexel email address is michael.j.galloway@drexel.edu.
Your password is going to be your Bb Learn or DrexelOne password, unless you changed it in Echo360
   (a) If you forgot your password, or have password problems, click the ""Forgot your password?"" link on the https://echo360.org webpage.
If you do not know your long form Drexel email address, here's how to find it.
   (a) Login to Bb Learn at http://learn.drexel.edu using your DrexelOne username and password.
   (b) Click your name in the upper right corner of the Bb Learn webpage.
   (c) Click ""Settings.""
   (d) Click ""Personal Information.""
   (e) Click ""Edit Personal Information.""
   (f) Copy your email address.
           i.  Note that you cannot change your email address or password in Bb Learn.
   (g) Click ""Cancel.""
Method 1 -- Contact Us and Ask Us to Share the Class Recording
If you want us to share the recording of one of your classes, contact ihelp@drexel.edu with this request, and provide the following information:
Full name of student or of each student who need access to the recording
Academic quarter and year of class (for example: FA 16-17 or Fall 2016)
Subject code, course number, and section number of class (for example: INFO-519-002)
Date and time of the recording to share
If downloads of recordings are allowed (if not provided, we'll assume they are not)
Method 2 -- Share the Class Recording Yourself
If a student is not in echo360 already, you'll need to use Method 1 above.
Here is how to share a recording of a class with a student or select students in this scenario.
Obtain the full name and email address from the student or each of the students to whom you are giving access.
   (a) The ""Users"" page in your Bb Learn course shell will tell you this information.
            i.  The instructions at the webpage below will tell you how to find this page and obtain names and email addresses of students in your class.
                   1.  Bb Learn Users
If you don't want this student or these students who are being given access to the recording to be able to download the recordings, follow the instructions on the webpage below, and then return to this webpage.
   (a) echo360 -- Turning Downloads Off for your Class
Login to echo360, if you haven't already, at https://echo360.org.
   (a) Your login email address is going to be your long form Drexel email address.
            i.  For example: Mike Galloway's long form Drexel email address is michael.j.galloway@drexel.edu. Yours may not include the middle initial and may include numbers.
   (b) Your password is going to be your Bb Learn or DrexelOne password, unless you changed it in echo360
            i.  If you forgot your password, or have password problems, click the ""Forgot your password?"" link on the https://echo360.orgwebpage.
   (c) If you do not know your long form Drexel email address, here's how to find it.
            i.   Method 1: Visit the Drexel Directory webpage below, and look your long form Drexel email address up using your name in last name, first name format for the search terms.
                    1.  http://drexel.edu/about/contact/
            ii.  Method 2:
                    1.  Login to Bb Learn at http://learn.drexel.edu using your DrexelOne username and password.
                    2.  Click your name in the upper right corner of the Bb Learn webpage.
                    3.  Click ""Settings, then ""Personal Information,"" then ""Edit Personal Information."" Copy your long form Drexel email address. Click ""Cancel.""
                    4.  Note that you cannot change your email address or password in Bb Learn.
Click ""LIBRARY"" in the upper left of the echo360 webpage.
Find the class you want to share.
Click the class you want to share.
Click ""SHARING.""
Click ""SHARE.""
Enter the email address of a student to share the class recording.
Click ""SHARE.""
If you get an error message that the student isn't in the system, see the Method 1 section above.
If you see a green success message and the student's name added to the ""Sharing..."" area, then the recording has been shared with the student.
Repeat steps 7-11 to share the recording with other students.
Click the ""X"" in the upper right of the webpage when finished, and logout of echo360 if you wish.
Share with students the following webpage with instructions on how to access echo360 outside of Bb learn.
   (a) echo360 -- Accessing Lecture Recordings Outside of Bb Learn -- Instructors Only
Removing Access for One or More Students to a Class Recording
Here is how you can remove access for one or more students to a class recording who were given access by one of the above methods.
Login to echo360, if you haven't already, at https://echo360.org.
   (a) Your login email address is going to be your long form Drexel email address.
            i.    For example: Mike Galloway's long form Drexel email address is michael.j.galloway@drexel.edu.
   (b) Your password is going to be your Bb Learn or DrexelOne password, unless you changed it in Echo360
            i.     If you forgot your password, or have password problems, click the ""Forgot your password?"" link on the https://echo360.orgwebpage.
    (c) If you do not know your long form Drexel email address, here's how to find it.
            i.     Login to Bb Learn at http://learn.drexel.edu using your DrexelOne username and password.
            ii.    Click your name in the upper right corner of the Bb Learn webpage.
            iii.   Click ""Settings.""
            iv.    Click ""Personal Information.""
            v.     Click ""Edit Personal Information.""
            vi.    Copy your email address.
                       1.  Note that you cannot change your email address or password in Bb Learn.
            vii.   Click ""Cancel.""
Click ""LIBRARY"" in the upper left of the echo360 webpage.
Find the class you want to modify.
Click the class you want to modify.
Click ""SHARING.""
In the ""Sharing..."" area, click the X in the row of each student whose access you want to remove, and click ""OK.""
   (a) There is a check box you can check to select all students if you wish.
Click the ""X"" in the upper right of the webpage when finished, and logout of echo360 if you wish."
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Zoom -- Inviting guest to join a zoom meeting as Alternate Host
1. Open Zoom on your pc and make sure you're signed in. 


2. Pick the date & time for the zoom meeting and make sure to uncheck the ""only authenticated users can join.""

3. Giving other people host permission

4. Copy the meeting invitation. It will be automatically copied to your keyboard

5. Create a new email and paste the invitation. Guests can use the ""Join Zoom Meeting"" link to join the zoom meeting"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Zoom -- Recordings with Playback Range - Edits Not Kept After Download
Information on Playback Range
Zoom is setting a “Playback Range” of the original recording, not modifying it.
So if the Zoom recording is downloaded,
the downloaded recording will still be the original length,
regardless of the playback range you set.
But, of course, you can edit the downloaded video file.
Note: Zoom has a loophole where students can still view the full-length videos, even in Zoom:
“Note: Playback range will not apply to users viewing cloud recordings on Internet Explorer, Safari, or on mobile devices,
if they view the recording using low bandwidth mode.”
This is unfortunate,
but there is a good chance that few if any students will see the full version.
See 3rd paragraph under
https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us/articles/115003001383-Cloud-recording-playback
Keeping Edits
If you trim the video in Kaltura or Drexel Streams, or another actual video editor,
the edits remain, even if downloaded (or played or shared).
Check Kaltura or Drexel Streams, and the “Zoom Recordings” folder in OneDrive,
but there’s a good chance that your edits in Zoom don’t carry over.
See Edit Video or Video Settings in Kaltura Drexel Streams
One useful thing to do here might be to take some screenshots of these Zoom video recording’s “Playback Range.”
See step 3 & screenshot there at link below:
https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us/articles/115003001383-Cloud-recording-playback
Save these screenshots in a folder with course number or title
in hidden-to-students folder in Bb Learn
(or OneDrive or where you will, and named what you will).
Then when you post Kaltura videos in Bb Learn of these Zoom recordings,
just find the vidoes in Drexel Streams at https://learn.dcolleget.net ,
and do the quick and lite video editing & trimming
using the time stamps shown in the “Playback Range” screenshots."
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Krisp.AI Install and Usage Instructions
Instructions on how to install Krisp.ai sound removal software
Go to the website here and download the free version of krisp.

Next page will prompt you to create an account to download the application.

Verify your email, and then the software should auto-download.

Go through the regular installer whether .exe or .pkg.

Next is to make sure your sound inputs are setup to use krisp. Below is an example screenshot.

Use the drop down menus to choose your sound settings correctly. This could be an internal mic, external mic, speakers etc. In Zoom/Teams/Skype/Whatever video conferencing software you use, you will need to select Krisp as the mic input. Also make sure to flip on the ""remove noise"" slider shown in the screenshot above.
WARNING: You only get 120 minutes a WEEK for the free version, if you need more, you will need to upgrade!"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Zoom -- Quick Test Before First Real Use
Zoom Basics
For Drexel CCI faculty, staff, students.
Log into Zoom via https://drexel.zoom.us 
   (a) Use Drexel userid & password.
Choose ""Sign In Standard""
Click ""HOST A MEETING"" (upper right).
Click ""With Video Off"" (or ""On"" -- your choice).
   (a) If prompted: Click to install Zoom
Click ""Open with zoom"" or zoom.us .
   (a) If prompted: Enter name/email if prompted.
Click ""Join With Computer Audio.""
Click & try microphone icon -- moving color fill in icon indicates audio picking up
Click & try camera -- you'll see yourself
Click & try Share -- Choose your computer screen and click ""Share"" again in lower right.
After You Join a Zoom Meeting -- Just Once per Computer
Zoom -- SSO Single Sign-On and Host Sign-In
Once you do the above,
if you click a Zoom meeting link that you created/scheduled,
you will enter as a Host.
And for other Zoom meetings links, you will enter with your Drexel Account.
Audio Issues?
Zoom -- Audio Issues and Joining by Telephone
Learn Your Personal Meeting ID
Only give this out to co-workers or people you trust not to abuse it.
Go to https://drexel.zoom.us in a new web browser tab.
Click Profile.
Look in Personal Meeting ID section
for your personal Zoom meeting link & Meeting ID.
Use that for instant Zoom meetings.
Write down your personal Zoom meeting link & Meeting ID.
Keep it where you can get to it easily.
Scheduling a Zoom Meeting
If you want to try scheduling a Zoom meeting, see link below.
Zoom -- Scheduling
More Zoom Info
Our Zoom page"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Teams -- Changing Audio
Change Windows 10 Speaker Output or Audio Output
Click speaker icon.
Then click ^ icon to choose a different speaker.

Select a speaker option.


Change Teams Settings Outside of a Meeting
(Windows) Click Start menu & open Teams app.
(Mac) Press Cmd + spacebar & search for Teams.

Click your avatar or initials icon & click Settings.

Click Devices.
Click Speakers & choose a speaker.
Choose Microphone & choose a microphone."
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Captions
Captions for a Single Video in Kaltura Drexel Streams
Upload finished videos to Kaltura Drexel Streams first.
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Adding Media to Bb Learn
Once you have a video uploaded.
Login to Kaltura Drexel Streams at:
https://drexel.edu/it/streams
or...
https://1513041.mediaspace.kaltura.com/
Click ""My Media,"" and click the link to your video.
Scroll down to ""ACTIONS"" and click ""+Captions & Enrich.""
Scroll down under ""Order Captions,"" and click ""Submit.""
There is rarely any need to change settings.
Wait 24 hours for captions to appear.
This method uses AI to auto-generate transcripts,
but the accuracy is not good enough for students who need special accommodations.
Captions for Multiple Videos
Upload finished videos to Kaltura Drexel Streams first.
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Adding Media to Bb Learn
Once you have a video uploaded:
Login to Kaltura Drexel Streams at:
https://drexel.edu/it/streams
or...
https://1513041.mediaspace.kaltura.com/
Click ""My Media.""
Check the box in front of multiple videos you want captions.
Scroll down to ""ACTIONS.""
Click ""+ Captions & Enrich.""
There is rarely any need to change settings.
Click ""Submit.""
Wait 24 hours for captions to appear.
This method use AI to auto-generate transcripts,
but the accuracy is not good enough for students who need special accommodations.
Download a Transcript
There will be timestamps in it, but you can do the following to get one, after doing the above and waiting for the captions to appear, to download captions as a file that can also be used as a transcript.
Login to Kaltura Drexel Streams at:
https://drexel.edu/it/streams
or...
https://1513041.mediaspace.kaltura.com/
Click ""My Media"" > the link to your video.
Scroll down to ""ACTIONS.""
Click ""Edit"" > ""Captions"" > down-arrow-on-box icon .
Contact ihelp@drexel.edu if you need help removing the timestamps."
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
OpenShot Video Editor
Helpful Links and Info
Download OpenShot: https://www.openshot.org/download/
OpenShot's Own User Guide: https://www.openshot.org/user-guide/
For Windows/Mac/Linux.
Video editor ONLY.
Completely free.
Upload edited video to Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Adding Media to Bb Learn
Otherwise, you greatly slowdown Bb Learn for everyone.
How to Record Your Video First
Use whatever works best for you and is available to you.
If you are not sure what to use, record yourself in a Zoom meeting, and download the video file. Instructions below.
Zoom -- Recording
Cannot Open/Edit a Video in OpenShot
Use the free Handbrake app to convert video formats, like. mov and more, to mp4 or mv4 that OpenShot can use.
Handbrake -- Smaller Video File Size or Converting Video
Basic Instructions
Click + sign.
Then select your video to add.

Right-click (ctrl-click or 2-finger click) the movie clip.
Then click ""Add to Timeline.""

Click OK to add video clip to timeline.
Agree to default settings.

Click |< to move play head to 0 seconds, or start of timeline.

If you want to add another video clip after the 1st clip.
Click >| to move play head to end of clip on timeline.

Zoom bar lets you change the time intervals between the ruler hash lines on the timeline.
Vertical scroll bar lets you scroll up and down through tracks.
Tracks let you overlay images or video (or add audio) on top of other video.
Horizontal scroll bar lets you scroll left and right, or earlier or later, on the video timeline.

If you want to actually add another video clip, click + sign again.
As before, right-click (ctrl-click or 2-finger click).
And select ""Add to Timeline"" to add another video clip to the timeline.

Cut something out in the middle of the video?
Click scissors icon.
Then click the beginning of the part of the video you want to remove.
Click the end of the part of the video you want to remove.
Click the cut-out video segment you want to remove.
Press delete or backspace key to remove it.
Saving Your Video Project & Exporting Usable Video
You need to save your project in case you want to edit it again. It'll be saved as a project file.
This project file is NOT something you can upload or share as a video.
So once you save your project file, you need to export your project as a usable video file.
Both are easy to do. Here's how.
To save your video project, click ""File"" > ""Save Project as.""

Save your project file to where you wish on your computer.
Make sure it's some place you'll be able to find later.
To export your project as a usable video file, click ""File"" > ""Export Project"" > ""Export Video.""
Export video with the default settings.
Other good export options are 1080i 30fps or 720p 30fps.

Save the video to where you wish on your computer.
Make sure it's some place you'll be able to find later.
Kaltura Drexel Streams to Put on Bb Learn or Other Sharing
Use these instructions to upload your video to Bb Learn or Kaltura Drexel Streams.
Instructors: Adding Media to Bb Learn via Kaltura or Drexel Streams
Students: Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Adding Media to Bb Learn -- Student Instructions
Problems Uploading
Try again.
Sometimes Kaltura or Drexel Streams has flukes.
Also, close/re-open your web browser.
Or try a different web browser.
If the video is said to be incompatible or too large,
Handbrake has been the free go-to for a long time to quickly solve those issues.
See Handbrake -- Smaller Video File Size or Converting Video"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
echo360 -- Live Event Attendance Guide -- Not for Classes
Physically attending the event as well? If so, turn the volume all the way down on your computer speakers before opening the live broadcast or stream for the event.
Presenting at the event? This webpage is not for presenters. Contact us using the information at the bottom of this webpage for assistance.
This guide will tell you how to attend a live event remotely at Drexel's College of Computing & Informatics (CCI) that is being live broadcast or streamed through echo360, as well as how to post and respond to questions, exit the live event, and logout of echo360.
If you don't already have an echo360 account for Drexel CCI, find the email recently sent to you from echo360 and complete your registration on https://echo360.org.
   (a) Record your login email address and password for echo360.
If you do have already have an echo360 account for Drexel CCI, login to echo360 at https://echo360.org. 
   (a) Your login email address is going to be your long form Drexel email address.
            i.   For example: Mike Galloway's long form Drexel email address is michael.j.galloway@drexel.edu. Yours may not include the middle initial and may include numbers.
   (b) Your password is going to be your Bb Learn or DrexelOne password, unless you changed it in echo360
            i.   If you forgot your password, or have password problems, click the ""Forgot your password?"" link on the https://echo360.org webpage.
   (c) If you do not know your long form Drexel email address, here's how to find it.
            i.   Method 1: Visit the Drexel Directory webpage below, and look your long form Drexel email address up using your name in last name, first name format for the search terms.
                    1.  http://drexel.edu/about/contact/
            ii.  Method 2:
                    1.  Login to Bb Learn at http://learn.drexel.edu using your DrexelOne username and password.
                    2.  Click your name in the upper right corner of the Bb Learn webpage.
                    3.  Click ""Settings, then ""Personal Information,"" then ""Edit Personal Information."" Copy your long form Drexel email address. Click ""Cancel.""
                    4.  Note that you cannot change your email address or password in Bb Learn.
At the day and time of the event, login to https://echo360.org in a new internet browser tab or window.
   (a) If you forget your password, click the ""Forgot your password?"" link on the webpage.
If you don't already see the ""DASHBOARD"" page, click ""DASHBOARD"" at the top left.


Click ""ALL CLASSES"" in the same row/area for whichever event you are attending.



Click the date of the live event.


If you see a countdown clock, wait for the clock to count down and the live event to start.
Click the play arrow when it appears.



Click to allow/activate/run flash or other plugins (if prompted).



Note that there will be a lag of 5-10 seconds between the actual event and the live broadcast or stream.
Close the ""Notes"" panel by clicking the X in the upper right.
Click ""Questions"" (overlapping speech balloons) icon.
   (a) Move mouse over live event video window if you don't see this icon.

          

The ""Questions"" panel will open.



To post a question:
   (a) Click ""NEW QUESTION."" Enter your question in the new question box. Click ""POST QUESTION.""
   (b) For more help, see the following webpage.
            i.  http://help.echo360.org/#t=Student_Guide%2FPosting_Questions_About_Class_Presentations.htm
To respond to a question.
   (a) Click a question. Click ""RESPOND TO THIS QUESTION."" Enter your response in the text box provided. Click ""POST.""
    (b) For more help, see the following webpage.
             i.  http://help.echo360.org/#t=Student_Guide%2FResponding_to_Questions_about_Class_Presentations.htm
To leave the live event:
   (a) Move mouse over live event video window. Click menu icon in upper left. Click ""Exit Classroom.""

         

         

To log out of echo360:
   (a) Click your name in upper right. Click ""LOGOUT.""
Technical Issues?
See the following webpage if you encounter any technical issues.
echo360 -- Troubleshooting Live Broadcast Issues"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Echo360 -- First Use in Bb Learn
First Use in a Bb Learn Course
Click the ""Class Capture"" or ""echo360 Class Recordings"" link in the left-hand course menu in your Bb Learn course. This link is circled in the example screenshot below.
Note that your course will most likely not be called ""INFO-TEST2"" or have the ""Class Capture"" link in the exact same spot in the left-hand course menu.

On the ""Class Capture"" or or ""echo360 Class Recordings"" webpage, click the link under ""Build Content"" with the same subject code and course number.
The link may start with ""echo360 for"" and then list your class's subject code and course number.

You should see an echo360 webpage with the recordings or live broadcasts for your class.
Not seeing the echo360 webpage?
(Safari users only) If you get a message about allowing cookies, set Safari to always allow all cookies. Instructions are below.
Click the ""Safari"" menu.
Click ""Preferences.""
Click ""Privacy.""
Select ""Always allow"" next to ""Cookies and website data.""
Close the ""Security"" window.
Reload the Bb Learn webpage.
Everyone else, or If you a Safari user and still have issues, disable your pop-up blocker for Bb Learn. Instructions are below.
Set your internet browser to allow pop-up tab/windows for Bb Learn (or all websites with Safari). Here's how to do this in all the major internet browsers (in no particular order).
Firefox pop-up disabling
In Firefox, the blocked pop-up message will look like the example screenshot below. Click the ""Preferences"" button shown in the upper-right corner of the example screenshot below. Then click ""Allow pop-ups for learn.dcollege.net."" (Linux Ubuntu 14.04 LTS users will likely need to click ""Preferences,"" then ""Edit Pop-Up Blocker Preferences...,"" enter ""https://learn.dcollege.net"" (note the ""s"" after ""http"") in the ""Address of website:"" field, then click ""Allow"" to allow ""https://learn.dcollege.net"" to have pop-ups, then click ""Save Changes."")
Internet Explorer pop-up disabling
In Internet Explorer 11, the blocked pop-up message will look like the example screenshot below. Click ""Options for this site."" Then click ""Always allow."" You may not need to do anything more for the Echo360.org website for your Bb Learn course to open in a new window, but if you do, proceed to step 4. 

Safari pop-up disabling
In Safari, you will not get a message that pop-ups are blocked. To allow pop-ups, click the ""Safari"" menu, click ""Preferences,"" click ""Security,"" uncheck ""Block pop-up windows,"" and close the ""Security"" window.
Please note that this will allow pop-ups on all websites you visit in Safari.
Safari unfortunately does not allow you to select specific websites where pop-ups are allowed, so you may wish to use a different internet browser if this is an issue for you.
Or, after you are finished with echo360, you can block pop-ups again. To block pop-ups again, click the ""Safari"" menu, click ""Preferences,"" click ""Security,"" check ""Block pop-up windows,"" and close the ""Security"" window.
Chrome pop-up disabling
In Chrome, the blocked pop-up message will look like the example screenshot below. Click on the pop-up blocked icon circled in the example screenshot below. Then select ""Always allow pop-ups from learn.dcollege.net"" and click ""Done."" 
Edge (NOT RECOMMENDED) pop-up disabling
Edge is not recommended for use with Bb Learn or echo360.
If you want to still try to use Edge, then in Edge, the blocked pop-up message will look like the example screenshot below. Click ""Always allow.""

If new tab/window opens (possibly with code on it), close the new tab/window.
Reload the Bb Learn webpage.
If reloading the Bb Learn webpage does not give you access to the echo360 recordings or live broadcast, follow the instructions below.
Click the house icon circled in the example screenshot below.

Repeat steps 1-2 above, and you should then have the echo360.org website for your Bb Learn course open in a new window.
Unless you have set your browser not to save your preferences, you should now only have to do steps 1-2 to access the echo360.org website through Bb Learn.
But look below for additional assistance if needed.
Trouble with echo360
If you have any problems with echo360 after following the above instructions, see the following webpages:
echo360 -- Troubleshooting Live Broadcast Issues
echo360 -- Troubleshooting Recording Playback Issues"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Zoom not working and Troubleshooting
Basic Troubleshooting
Make sure webcam is not covered.
Uninstall Zoom completely from the computer Zoom isn't working on.
How to uninstall in Windows 10.
Download & install Zoom again.
Use the SSO or Single-sign on option to sign in.
Screenshare Shortcut Key
If someone cannot figure out how to screenshare, especially if you are trying to assist them, tell them to use the following shortcut key combination
Alt + S
Tell them to press and hold the Alt key. And then keep the Alt key held down, while they tap the S key once. Repeat these instructions slowy for a non-tech savvy user.
This shortcut allows the user to screen-share without having to find the share button
Echoes and Sound Artifacts
If possible, use a headset with a microphone, or AirPods or very good alternatives.
NO cheap bluetooth headphones with mics!
Your own external speakers play audio that the microphone picks up.
And others in the meeting could have the same thing going on.
It's a lot for echo cancellation to handle at times.
AirPods or headsets reduce what microphones pick-up, except for your own voice.
Everyone in the same physical room as the host user
should *mute their computer microphones and computer speaker volume.*

The host user is the exception.
The host user should NOT mute their computer microphone and computer speakers...
UNLESS the host use is using a phone or speakerphone for audio.
Then the host indeed should mute their computer microphone & computer speakers.
Zoom Lags or Freezes or Audio is Delayed
Try one or more of these suggestions.
All hosts, presenters, panelists, or participants:
mute your audio if you are not speaking much.
All hosts, presenters, panelists, or participants:
turn off your video, unless truly needed.
Instructors or others requiring video to appear may need to be flexible on that requirement.
If someone is screen sharing, have that person stop,
and adjust the resolution on their computer to 1920 x 1080p (or i) or below.
Then re-share screen.
Any scaling you choose is fine.
Close any open applications or browser tabs or windows not needed for the meeting.
Closing non-essential apps in the lower right (System Tray) in Windows,
or upper right (Menu Bar) in Mac, if you can.
Click the ^ in Windows (lower right) and right-click.
Close any messaging apps, Adobe apps, Microsoft apps not needed for this meeting.
Leave the Zoom meeting.
Update the Zoom app installed on your computer.
Re-enter the meeting.
Try updating Zoom. See link below.
Zoom Updating or Updates
Participants on their own personal WiFi network
might to try shutting down any other devices
on their personal WiFi network
to increase the overall available bandwidth.
Recovering a Deleted a Scheduled Meeting or a Recording
Zoom -- Recover Deleted Meeting or Recording
Invalid Meeting ID or Invalid Meeting Number Error
Zoom -- Invalid Meeting ID or Invalid Meeting Number
Zoom Crashes
Try one or more of these suggestions.
See what we suggest in the Zoom Lags or Freezes or Audio is Delayed section above.
If you are using another application, and Zoom is crashing:
uninstall/reinstall that application.
Use with OneNote has been an issue at times. Close OneNote.
Close and use less than 8 tabs in whatever web browser you have. 
Removing unknown or unused add-ons and extensions and clearing cache/history can help.
Link below has instructions.
Clear Browser Cache & History.
Do not use ""Gallery"" mode. It is resource intensive.
More info:
https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us/articles/201362323-Changing-the-video-layout-Active-Speaker-View-and-Gallery-View-
Uninstall & reinstall Zoom.
Reboot your device.
In the Zoom app, go to
Settings > Video Settings > Advanced.
Under ""Use hardware acceleration for"", uncheck ALL option.
If you still have problems after trying all the above,
try to change ""Video Rendering Method"" to ""Direct3D11.""
You may also want to Google this:
Best Zoom Video Rendering Method
and include the make, model, and/or OS of your computer in the search phrase.
If the above does not help, doing a more thorough update of drives, BIOS,
and such can help in Windows.
See link below.
Properly Update Windows 10 & Drivers in Windows 10
If nothing above helps, or you need other help with Drexel CCI classes or meetings, please reach out to ihelp@drexel.edu for further assistance."
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Zoom -- Missing or Lost or Deleted Zoom Recordings
Instructions
Login to https://drexel.zoom.us


Login if prompted, and click ""Recordings"" in the left nav. 
Check under the ""Cloud Recordings"" tab first.
""Cloud Recordings"" in Drexel Zoom takes 126 days to expire.

Then the ""Local Recordings"" tab second.


""Cloud Recordings"" in Drexel Zoom are ALSO automatically backed up (separate copy) to Drexel Kaltura Streams at https://drexel.edu/it/streams.


Login, if prompted, to Drexel Kaltura Streams.
Click ""My Media.""
Search or browse what is there.

Very Old Zoom Recordings May Be in OneDrive.
If it's a really old recording, from June 9, 2021 or so or before, you might find it in OneDrive.
Go to https://portal.office.com .Login if prompted.
Click the 9-dot icon in the upper left.
Click ""OneDrive.""
And look for a ""Zoom Recordings"" folder.

Notes & Troubleshooting
If you saved the recording to a Drexel computer, and OneDrive was set-up on it, it's possible OneDrive was set to backup your Desktop, Documents, and Downloads. 
It's possible you can use the above instructions to get to OneDrive on the web and look in your deleted items there and see if the recording is there or in a space where deleted items are kept for a bit before they are truly purged.
If you still can't find the recording, contact zoomadmin@drexel.edu, and see if they can assist in locating the recording. "
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Drexel CCI Remote Desktop Access to Work Computer
Mac remote access to Mac
Mac remote access to Mac -- Setting up a Mac computer for remote access to another Mac
Windows Computer Access via Microsoft Remote Desktop
Microsoft Remote Desktop -- Mac access to Windows computer
Microsoft Remote Desktop -- Set up Win PC for Remote Desktop access through Mac
Microsoft Remote Desktop -- Windows Access to a Windows Computer
Microsoft Remote Desktop -- Set up Win PC for Remote Desktop access
Troubleshooting Remote Desktop"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
echo360 -- Rebooting echo360 Devices in CCI Classrooms
Here is how CCI iCommons or uCommons staff can reboot an echo360 SafeCapture HD device.
All CCI classrooms have an echo360 SafeCapture HD device in them or near them. This is the device that allows for recording, storing, and streaming video and audio feeds from CCI classrooms for events and class recordings.
These devices should be rebooted once a week, when nothing is being recorded.
Rebooting an echo360 device can also often technical issues with recordings or live broadcasts.
Echo360 takes 10 minutes or so to fully reboot. The live video stream and recording will start immediately afterwards again, but there will be a 10 minute or so gap.
To reboot an echo360 device, do the following.
     1. Grab the podium key.
          (a) Ask the co-op or John McNamara or another student assistant if you don't know where to find this key.
     2. Bring a cellphone with a flashlight option or a flashlight.
     3. Enter the CCI classroom, and open up the back of the podium with the key.For SC 326 (3401 Market Street), go instead to the small equipment room on the same floor and open up the small server rack.
          (a) Ask the co-op or John McNamara or another student assistant if you don't know where this room is.
     4. Find the echo360 device, turn the switch off on the back right of the device, wait 10 seconds, and turn the switch on again.
          (a) If you have trouble finding the echo360 device, look at the front of the podium for a device labeled echo360, then figure where that device would be located when viewed from behind.
           
     5. Lock up the podium. That's it."
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Camtasia -- Quizzes and Importing into Bb Learn
First, we VERY HIGHLY recommend building your Quizzes in Kaltura Drexel Streams rather than using Camtasia.
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Quizzes in Videos
Camtasia most certainly can be used for screen recording, video recording, and video editing.
But we do not recommend using the test or quiz function in Camtasia. There are hard to resolve technical issues if something goes wrong with a Camtasia quiz imported into Bb Learn.
If you do go that route, here are instructions for how to get the quiz into Bb Learn.
Basically, when you are finished editing the video in Camtasia, and have added the quiz(zes) in Camtasia, and you go to Share > Local File > MP4 with Smart Player (up to 1080p) > Next > Report quiz results using SCORM (I left SCORM options on defaults, but feel free to experiment) and do not check “Report quiz results through email” > Next > choose “Folder” and rename if wish and check “Organize produced files into sub-folders” and “Show production results” but do not check “Play video after production (before upload)” > “Finish.”
Go into the newly created folder with your video on your computer, find the .zip file and note the location. Go to Bb Learn and one of your “Week” areas or a similar area with a “Build Content” button/menu and click Build Content > Content Package (SCORM) > Browse My Computer > find the folder with .zip file and select and upload it > Submit. Wait for upload, possibly a while with no visual indication of progress. Fill in options on form that appears. You do not need to make it gradeable. I recommend putting in the “Description” box or “Title” that this is a video with quiz and to click link to play. Then click Submit. New items appears at bottom of pages (unless no items on page). Play video.
Disable pop-up blocker if no video plays. Chrome or Firefox may work better than Safari. Edge and IE are not recommended.
If you don’t need the quizzes graded, I highly recommend making the quizzes in Kaltura directly, after uploading the video by itself into the Kaltura Drexel Streams tool in Bb Learn, or at https://drexel.edu/it/streams . There are more available functions in DrexelOne, FYI. You can distribute any videos uploaded in DrexelOne’s Kaltura to Bb Learn in much the same way as uploading directly to Bb Learn (just don’t create a new video, select from available)."
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Drexel CCI Zoom Virtual Background
See Drexel Zoom Virtual Background"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Editing Echo360 Class Recordings
If you now set Echo360 class capture recording that is still processing to be unavailable, it will be unavailable still when it finishes processing.
First, click the Class Capture link in your course, and enter the Echo360 page in your course. If you have never done this before, see Echo360 First Use in Bb Learn.
Then, you may wish to make the recording unavailable. If so, see the following link.
https://learn.echo360.com/hc/en-us/articles/360035406771-Making-Content-Available-or-Unavailable-to-Students
To edit the recording, see the following link.
https://learn.echo360.com/hc/en-us/articles/360035035812-Editing-Videos
""If you are an Instructor, you can select to edit videos from Content home page or from the Class List page. The instructions below access the editor from the content details page."""
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Zoom System Requirements, plus What If No Webcam or Microphone
System Requirements
Zoom works on Windows, Mac, iPad/iPadOS, iPhone/iOS, Amazon Fire OS, ChromeOS, and Linux
Here are the minimum system requirements
https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us/articles/201362023-System-Requirements-for-PC-Mac-and-Linux
If No Webcam or Microphone
If you do not have a USB webcam, here are some other options.

Students can use a cellphones or tablets. Or buy a cheap Android phone or Amazon Fire Tablet.
Zoom says it works on:
Android, iOS, iPadOS, ChromeOS, Amazon Fire OS, Windows, Mac, Linux (Ubuntu, Debian, Mint and more).
And we've personally tested:
Windows, Mac, Android, iOS, iPadOS, ChromeOS, and Amazon Fire OS.
All work fine. All support Zoom.
All could be used to provide a webcam in addition
You can be in a Zoom meeting with 2 devices at the same time.
BUT you should *ONLY CONNECT AUDIO ON ONE*.
For things to prop up your cellphone or tablet on the cheap,
check out Wire Book Displays.
Or  just prop your device up with books or something.
Using Zoom on Mobile Devices
Zoom -- Use on Android and iPad, iPhone, or iOS"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Zoom -- Advanced Instructions
Help Center
https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us
Video Tutorials
https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us/articles/206618765-Zoom-Video-Tutorials
Meeting ID and Meeting Quality Stats during Meeting
Zoom -- Get Meeting ID and Meeting Quality Stats during Meeting
 Multiple Presenters on Multiple Computers in Same Room
Zoom -- Multiple Presenters on Multiple Computers in the Same Room
Connect Microphone and Video Camera by USB or CCI Classroom
Zoom -- Connecting to Microphone and Video Camera by USB or in the CCI Classroom
Linux Use
https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us/articles/204206269-Installing-Zoom-on-Linux
Our support for Zoom on Linux is limited to Ubuntu.
Outlook Plugin or Add-in for Zoom
Zoom -- Outlook Plug-in or Add-in for Zoom
Virtual Walk In Hours or Zoom Link Publicly Posted
Zoom -- Tips for Virtual Walk-In Meetings or if Zoom Link on Public Website
Non-Drexel People Can Get Free Zoom Account
Non-Drexel people do *NOT* need to sign in to join a Zoom meeting usually. They just need a Zoom meeting link or ID.
They can do this to try out Zoom before a real meeting.
Visit https://zoom.us
Drexel students, staff, and faculty should *NOT* do this.
Register for a free Zoom account.
Host a meeting yourself.
Interfaces for free and Pro Zoom accounts are identical.
If you need additional help with this, see the following webpage.
Zoom -- Set-up a Free Zoom Account
Need to Sign Out, Drexel CCI Users?
Closing your internet browser will sign you out, of course.
Click the ""Drexel University"" logo in the upper left in the Zoom webpage.

Click ""Sign In Standard.""

Click ""SIGN OUT"" in the upper right.

Additional Helpful Info -- Drexel VCAP's page on Zoom
https://drexel0.sharepoint.com/sites/IT-VCaPBlog/SitePages/Zoom.aspx
Polling
Polling
Zoom Webinars 
Webinars for Large Virtual Meetings or Talks or Lectures"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
ActivePresenter Screen Recorder
Introduction and Download
Introduction
""ActivePresenter"" is screen recording software that is free for personal and non-commercial use. (There are versions that cost money as well.) With it, you can record video of anything on your computer display's desktop, record audio from a built-in or connected microphone, and record video from a built-in or connected webcam.
There is no time limit on recordings, but the longer and more involved the recording, the more storage space the recording will take up on your computer or wherever you choose to store it.
Download
Install ""ActivePresenter"" free edition from the webpage below.
https://atomisystems.com/activepresenter/free-edition/
Instructions
Written Instructions
https://atomisystems.com/tutorials/ap7/start-and-stop-recording-activepresenter-7/
Screen Recorder - Video Instructions
https://1513041.mediaspace.kaltura.com/media/Active+Presenter+1st+Video+-+Video+Screen+Recorder/1_ogrdav1u
Video Editor - Video Instructions
https://1513041.mediaspace.kaltura.com/media/Active+Presenter+2nd+Video+-+Video+Editor/1_7u51cl9i
Software Simulation Recorder - Video Instructions
Not recommended unless you are doing little to no editing of the video.
https://1513041.mediaspace.kaltura.com/media/Active+Presenter+3rd+Video+-+Software+Simulation+Recording/1_vgsde4h4
Alternate Video Instructions
Alternate option: https://atomisystems.com/demo/start-recording-session/
The video is older, but you can record from your webcam too.
IMPORTANT INFO
To remove annotations on videos or slides about where you clicked:
Click ActivePresenter > Project > Batch Operations > Delete Objects.
Select All under ""Annotations, Interactions, Messages.
Deselect ""Image"" and ""Video"" and ""Audio"" under ""Annotations,"" and click OK.
To record computer audio, see the following:
https://atomisystems.com/tutorials/recording-system-sound-mac-os-x/
Basically, you install another app called ""Background Music"" or ""Sound Flower,"" which provides greater control of audio on your Mac.
Not seeing Active Presenter appear?
Click an empty spot on your desktop, then try re-opening the ActivePresenter application, or selecting it if open on your Dock toolbar at the bottom of the screen.
Additional Help
See the following webpage for help with simultaneous webcam and video display instructions:
https://atomisystems.com/tutorials/ap7/recording-webcam-activepresenter-7/
Alternative Written Step-by-Step Instructions
Open ""ActivePresenter.""
Click ""New Capture.""
Enter a ""Name"" for the project.
To find exported videos later, note the location where this project is on your computer in the ""Save in"" field. -- Click ""Browse"" to change.
Select ""Record Movie/Streaming Video."" -- If you want both slides and a video created, select ""Smart Capture With Auto FMR.""
Choose ""Full Screen"" or a ""Custom"" section of your computer display.
Under ""Audio Input,"" choose the ""Device"" or microphone that will pick up the audio.
Make sure the green level indicator moves as you speak. -- If it still does not work, choose another ""Device"" under ""Audio Input.""
Then click the big red circle to start the screen recording.
  (a) First-time Mac users ONLY: When used for first time on a Mac, you'll be prompted to adjust the ""Accessibility"" section under System Preferences >  Security & Privacy > Privacy to allow ""Active Presenter"" to control your computer. It's safe to do this. You may need to click the lock icon and enter your Mac's password on the ""Security & Privacy"" windows to check the box next to ""ActivePresenter."" Click the lock again to lock the settings. Then close the ""Security & Privacy"" window.
To start/stop the recording, click the ""ActivePresenter"" icon, and choose the appropriate option.
  (a) On a Mac, the ""ActivePresenter"" icon is at the top of your computer display.
  (b) In Windows, the ""ActivePresenter"" icon is in the lower right of the computer display. -- You may need to click the ^ to see this icon.
Stop the recording when finished making your screen recording. -- Or stop if you run into technical issues.
Click the ""EXPORT"" tab at the top of the ""ActivePresenter"" window.
Click ""Video.""
Choose ""MP4"" for format.
Choose where to save the video by clicking ""Browse.""
Click ""OK.""
If you made slides too in ActivePresenter with your video, to export the slides:
  (a) Click the ""EXPORT"" tab at the top of the ""ActivePresenter"" window.
  (b) Click ""Microsoft PowerPoint"" or ""Adobe PDF.""
  (c) Check the ""Output File"" field to see where the slides will end up.
  (d) Click ""Browse"" to change this location.
  (e) Click ""Yes"" if you want to view the ""Output"" now.
Optional Advanced Instructions
Record Audio from Microphone and System Audio
https://atomisystems.com/demo/recording-audio-microphone-system-audio/
Add Comments to Video
https://atomisystems.com/demo/adding-comment-video/
Editing the Video
https://atomisystems.com/demo/editing-recorded-video/
Other Demo Videos
https://atomisystems.com/demo/page/2/
Adding Video and Audio Files to Bb Learn -- Instructors Only
Instructors and course assistants can add video or audio to Bb Learn. See the webpage below for instructions.
Adding Media to Bb Learn via Kaltura or Drexel Streams
Captioning and Transcripts
Providing captioning for videos you create is highly recommended.
See Captions."
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Zoom -- Frequently Asked Questions
See https://drexel.edu/it/help/a-z/zoom/zoomfaq/ for FAQs for Drexel Zoom."
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Zoom -- Recording -- Share or Download from Zoom or Kaltura Drexel Streams
Quick Instructions
You can just record yourself in a Zoom meeting your schedule.
Or you can record a meeting with others, if you are doing group work.
Do a 30-second test recording first.
Make sure your mic is picking up sound in the recording.
Make sure you screenshare if you need to demonstrate something on your computer.
Turn on your webcam in Zoom if you need to record yourself.
Below is how to enable/use the cloud/online recording option in Zoom.
https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us/articles/203741855-Cloud-recording
Record to the Cloud (Online) in Zoom
Personal Meeting Room recordings may NOT be automatically uploaded to Drexel Streams (Kaltura).
In that case, see the ""Download Recording in Zoom"" section below.
When you record a Zoom meeting, you have 2 options.
""Record to the computer""
""Record to the cloud""
We recommend ""Record to the Cloud.""
Drexel Zoom Pro recordings made to the cloud are backed up to Drexel Streams (Kaltura).
And the recordings are more easily accessible and less likely to be lost in the cloud.
We'll cover how to find/obtain either option here.
Do NOT edit recordings in Zoom.
They are not real edits.
When you download from Zoom, your unedited video will be downloaded, not your edited video.
Find Recordings in Zoom
Visit https://drexel.zoom.us in a web browser.
(Google Chrome, Mozilla Firefox, Microsoft Edge, Apple Safari, etc.)
Sign in on the Drexel Connect screen (if prompted).
Approve MFA if prompted.
Click ""Recordings"" in left nav.
If you recorded to your computer:
The Local Recordings tabs you what computer name and folder path to find where the recording was saved.
If you moved the recording on that computer later on, then this info may not be accurate.
If you're not sure of your computer's name, check each of the computer's you use.
If you record to the cloud:
The Cloud Recordings tab will list your recordings in the Zoom's cloud storage system.
Recordings to Cloud for Drexel Zoom are kept for 126 days in the Zoom cloud. Then deleted.
Recordings to Cloud for Drexel Zoom are also automatically backed up to Drexel Streams (Kaltura).
The Drexel Streams (Kaltura) copy remains indefinitely.
Share or Download Recordings
You can Share or Download these recordings in a few ways.
Download from Zoom
Share from Drexel Streams (Kaltura)
Download from Drexel Streams (Kaltura) is Complicated
We'll cover each in turn below.
Download Recording in Zoom
https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us/articles/205347605-Managing-and-sharing-cloud-recordings
Downloading is highly recommended from Zoom.
Sharing from Zoom is NOT recommended.
See next section: ""Share from Drexel Streams (Kaltura)""
Editing in Zoom is NOT recommended. 
Once a video is uploaded to Kaltura or Drexel Streams, you can easily add it to Bb Learn.
See Adding Media to Bb Learn via Kaltura or Drexel Streams
Or again, see next section: ""Share from Drexel Streams (Kaltura)""
See section on OpenShot, Camtasia, and other options below.
Share from Drexel Streams (Kaltura)
Sharing Kaltura Audio or Video with Non-Drexel Users or Anyone
Download from Drexel Streams (Kaltura) is Complicated
Notes
Downloading Drexel Streams or Kaltura video is NOT necessary, generally, if you record to cloud (except for Personal Meetings).
You can play Drexel Streams or Kaltura videos fine in your web browser.
If you are not the creator/owner of the video, downloading a video is complicated.
Downloading video is not necessary for submitting assignments, generally.
Few instructors need it. A few may want it, and will tell you that, but very, very, very few will actually need it.
Recordings cannot be downloaded from an embedded player window in Bb Learn.
Links to the video on the Drexel Streams website can allow downloads.
More information at link below.
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Allow Downloads"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Turning Downloads Off for your Class
Introduction
Instructors have the option of preventing students from downloading Echo360 recordings of classes.
This will also prevent instructors from being able to download Echo360 recordings.
If an echo360 Class Capture Area is in Your Bb Learn Course Shell
If the left-hand course menu in your Bb Learn course shell does has a ""echo Class Capture"" link, then do the following:
Follow the normal procedure to get to your class's Echo360 recordings.
If don't know how to do this, or run into any trouble, see the following webpage.
echo360 -- First Use in Bb Learn
On ""DASHBOARD"" page, find the class for which you want to shut off downloads, and click the ""ALL CLASSES"" button in that class's row/section.
Hover over the class, and the ""ALL CLASSES"" button will no longer be grayed out.
Click ""Settings.""
Click ""Features.""
Uncheck the box for ""CONTENT DOWNLOADS.""
Click ""OK"" in the pop-up window.
If No echo360 Class Capture Area is in Your Bb Learn Course Shell
If the left-hand course menu in your Bb Learn course shell does *not* have a ""echo Class Capture"" link, then do the following:
Login to https://echo360.org in a new internet browser tab or window.
Your login email address is going to be your long form Drexel email address.
For example: Mike Galloway's long form Drexel email address is michael.j.galloway@drexel.edu.
Your password is going to be your Bb Learn or DrexelOne password, unless you changed it in Echo360
If you forgot your password, or have password problems, click the ""Forgot your password?"" link on the https://echo360.org webpage.
If you do not know your long form Drexel email address, here's how to find it.
Login to Bb Learn at http://learn.drexel.edu using your DrexelOne username and password.
Click your name in the upper right corner of the Bb Learn webpage.
Click ""Settings.""
Click ""Personal Information.""
Click ""Edit Personal Information.""
Copy your email address.
Note that you cannot change your email address or password in Bb Learn.
Click ""Cancel.""
On ""DASHBOARD"" page, find the class for which you want to shut off downloads, and click the ""ALL CLASSES"" button in that class's row/section.
Hover over the class, and the ""ALL CLASSES"" button will no longer be grayed out.
Click ""Settings.""
Click ""Features.""
Uncheck the box for ""CONTENT DOWNLOADS.""
Click ""OK"" in the pop-up window."
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Printing at CCI Commons -- MacOS
MacOS Instructions
Go to apple icon > ""System Preferences"" > ""Printers & Scanners.""
Click the + in the lower right hand corner to start adding the CCI Commons printer(s).


Now make sure you are on the network ""globe"" icon at the top in order to add the printer through hostname/IP address.


After that, you will need to type in either CCICommonsPrint.cci.drexel.edu ---or--- CCICommonsPrint2.cci.drexel.edu

Once you are done typing in that address, you can click the ""Add"" button. You do not need to change any other settings on this screen.

On the next screen, make sure to check the box for ""Duplex Printing Unit.""


After you hit ""Ok"" you can rename the printer by right clicking on the column. Type in whatever you want to name it, but the recommended name is:


If you want to add the other secondary printer, the process is the same, but the hostname is CCICommonsPrint2.cci.drexel.edu

You are all set for Mac printing!
Troubleshooting
For single and double-sided instructions look at Printing Single and Double-sided in browser
If you have any further questions, feel free to ask at the CCI Commons Helpdesk & a Student Assistant will be happy to help you get the printer added to your laptop.
Also, questions can be emailed to ihelp@drexel.edu, if you are a CCI student, staff, or faculty member."
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Zoom -- How to join a meeting and Share your screen with Video instructions
Video Instructions
https://youtu.be/hIkCmbvAHQQ
Written Instructions
Click on a Join meeting link that you received in the email.
This will open a new tab in your browser.
Zoom meeting links will look like this:
""https://drexel.zoom.us/j/87*******84""
or
""https://us04web.zoom.us/j/76***51?pwd=a0***9""

Click on ""Launch Meeting"".


Click on ""Allow.""
It will automatically open zoom application for you and you'll be in the meeting.


If you get ""Invalid meeting ID"" error,
then it means that the link that you received has
the wrong meeting ID,
or the host of the meeting has already ended meeting for all.
In this case, please reach out to meeting host,
and ask for meeting link again,
or ask host to schedule/make a zoom meeting.
How to Share your Screen - Written
Click the green ""Share Screen"" button on the meeting menu bar

     

or...
Type ""Alt + Shift + S"" (on Windows).
or...
Type ""Command(⌘) + Shift(⇧) + S"" (on Mac).

When the share window appears,
select the source you wish to share,
and then click ""Share"" button from the bottom right.


How to Share your Screen -Video
https://youtu.be/YA6SGQlVmcA"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Zoom -- Audio Issues and Joining by Telephone
Change Windows 10 Speaker Output or Audio Output
Click speaker icon.
Then click ^ icon to choose a different speaker.

Select a speaker option.


Change Zoom Audio Settings Outside of a Meeting
(Windows) Click Start menu & open Zoom app.
(Mac) Press Cmd + spacebar & search for Zoom.

Click your avatar or initials icon & click Settings.|

Click Speaker option, and then Test Speaker.

Click Microphone option, and then Test Microphone.

May want to check video options too.

Quick Fix During a Meeting
No one can hear you? And you are in a Zoom meeting.
Or they can hear you, but you can’t hear them?
Try this.
Make sure you have chosen your headphones, speaker, or microphone.
Follow the number order in screenshot below.
For below, speaker = headphones if you are using headphones.

Still Issues?
Uncheck automatically adjust volume to raise microphone level.
Click “Audio Settings” & *raise* the speaker/headphone volume or microphone volume.
Or click “Switch to Phone Audio” in the screenshot above.
Test and Change Computer Audio Settings
https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us/articles/201362283-Testing-computer-or-device-audio
Join by Telephone
https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us/articles/201362663-Joining-a-meeting-by-phone#h_e4f1ac0b-7a0c-4b14-976e-ccec6ad484b2
Telephone-Only Conference Call?
Schedule a Zoom meeting.
But only share 1 or 2 of the Zoom meeting phone numbers, plus the Meeting ID.
See Zoom -- Scheduling
Phone number & Meeting ID are in the email or calendar invite.
International calls will cost money. International participants should attend by computer only to avoid charges.
Low Volume or Hard-to-Hear Audio?
If you are having trouble hearing a professor due to low audio, or bad audio, one possible work-around solution to try is to download/install the Chrome web browser and install the ""Volume Master"" extension from the Chrome Web Store at the link below.
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/volume-master/jghecgabfgfdldnmbfkhmffcabddioke
We cannot find a similar link for Firefox as of yet. The above link has a good chance of working for other Chrome-based web browsers, such as the new Microsoft Edge and the Brave web browser, as well, which may be less resource intensive on your computer."
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Zoom -- Get Meeting ID and Quality Stats during Meeting
If you need the Meeting ID during a Zoom meeting, click the ""Shield"" icon.

After you click the ""Shield"" icon, you'll see the Meeting ID & Meeting link.
Anyone with the Meeting ID can click ""Join Meeting"" in the Zoom application on Mac, Windows, or a mobile device, and enter the ID, and join Zoom meeting.

After you click the green ""Shield"" icon, you can see stats on the current meeting's use of resources and audio and video use."
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
echo360 -- Turning Downloads Off for your Class
Introduction
Instructors have the option of preventing students from downloading Echo360 recordings of classes.
This will also prevent instructors from being able to download Echo360 recordings.
If an echo360 Class Capture Area is in Your Bb Learn Course Shell
If the left-hand course menu in your Bb Learn course shell does has a ""echo Class Capture"" link, then do the following:
     1. Follow the normal procedure to get to your class's Echo360 recordings.
          (a) If don't know how to do this, or run into any trouble, see the following webpage.
               i. echo360 -- First Use in Bb Learn
     2. On ""DASHBOARD"" page, find the class for which you want to shut off downloads, and click the ""ALL CLASSES"" button in that class's row/section.
          (a) Hover over the class, and the ""ALL CLASSES"" button will no longer be grayed out.
     3. Click ""Settings.""
     4. Click ""Features.""
     5. Uncheck the box for ""CONTENT DOWNLOADS.""
     6. Click ""OK"" in the pop-up window.
If No echo360 Class Capture Area is in Your Bb Learn Course Shell
If the left-hand course menu in your Bb Learn course shell does *not* have a ""echo Class Capture"" link, then do the following:
     1. Login to https://echo360.org in a new internet browser tab or window.
          (a) Your login email address is going to be your long form Drexel email address.
               i. For example: Mike Galloway's long form Drexel email address is michael.j.galloway@drexel.edu.
          (b) Your password is going to be your Bb Learn or DrexelOne password, unless you changed it in Echo360
               i. If you forgot your password, or have password problems, click the ""Forgot your password?"" link on the https://echo360.org webpage.
          (c) 
If you do not know your long form Drexel email address, here's how to find it.
               i. Login to Bb Learn at http://learn.drexel.edu using your DrexelOne username and password.
               ii. Click your name in the upper right corner of the Bb Learn webpage.
               iii. Click ""Settings.""
               iv. Click ""Personal Information.""
               v. Click ""Edit Personal Information.""
               vi. 
Copy your email address.
                    1. Note that you cannot change your email address or password in Bb Learn.
               vii. Click ""Cancel.""
     2. On ""DASHBOARD"" page, find the class for which you want to shut off downloads, and click the ""ALL CLASSES"" button in that class's row/section.
          (a) Hover over the class, and the ""ALL CLASSES"" button will no longer be grayed out.
     3. Click ""Settings.""
     4. Click ""Features.""
     5. Uncheck the box for ""CONTENT DOWNLOADS.""
     6. Click ""OK"" in the pop-up window."
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Zoom -- Closed Captioning and Removing TimeStamps
Introduction
Zoom provides captioning the form of a .vtt file if you record the Zoom meeting (at least for a cloud recording). A .vtt file is a time-stamped plain text file. A plain text file is a file that only has text (letters, numbers, special characters, white space) but no images, gifs, bold, italics, lines, graphics, colors, etc.
But because it is just text, there are good plain text editor programs that let you use something called regular expressions in order to do things like you ask, like removing time stamps.
Sample Zoom VTT Captions FileMac Instructions
On Mac, download a program called BBEdit.
https://www.barebones.com/products/bbedit/download.html
In Bb Edit, click “Search” > “Find”. In the “Find” box, copy from the following, and paste into that box.
Mac regular expression
(WEBVTT)*\n\n\d+\n\d\d:\d\d:\d\d\.\d\d\d --> \d\d:\d\d:\d\d\.\d\d\d\n\w+\s*\w*\s*\w+:
Note: There is an empty space (1 press of the spacebar on your keyboard) right after the \w+: at the end of the line above. Be sure to include that empty space.
In the “Replace” box, click your mouse cursor into the box, and press the spacebar once so there is 1 empty space in the box.
Make sure the “GREP” box is checked.
Click “Replace All.”
Click “View” > “Text Display” > “Soft Wrap”, if you don’t see all the text going down the page.
Select all, and copy/paste the text, now without timestamps, in a Word document
Windows Instructions
On a Windows 10 PC, download a program called Notepad++.
https://notepad-plus-plus.org/downloads/
In Notepadd++, click “Search” > “Find”. Click the “Replace” tab.
In the “Find what” box, copy from the following, and paste into that box.
Windows regular expression
(WEBVTT)*\n\n\d+\n\d\d:\d\d:\d\d\.\d\d\d --> \d\d:\d\d:\d\d\.\d\d\d\n\w+\s*\w*\s*\w+:
Note: There is an empty space (1 press of the spacebar on your keyboard) right after the \w+: at the end of the line above. Be sure to include that empty space.
In the “Replace with” box, click your mouse cursor into the box, and press the spacebar once so there is 1 empty space in the box.
Make sure the “Regular expression” box is checked.
Click “Replace All.”
Click “View” and make sure “Word Wrap” has a check next to it. If not, select “Word Wrap.” That will make all the text appear going down the page.
Select all, and copy/paste the text, now without timestamps, in a Word document."
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Zoom Virtual Walk-In Meetings or Public Links
Be VERY familiar with the contents of the following webpage.
Zoom -- Managing Users, Privacy, and Security Measures

Consider using a Zoom Webinar if hosting large event with 50 or more people.

Email ihelp@drexel.edu to get help setting up a Zoom webinar.
We will work with DU IT's Zoom Admins to get this set up for you.
Let us reach out, as we need to know in case tech support is needed, what the meeting link is

Here are differences between Zoom webinar and a normal meeting.
https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us/articles/115005474943-Meeting-and-webinar-comparison

See wepbage below for more info.
Webinars for Large Virtual Meetings or Talks or Lectures

For walk-ins, schedule a Zoom meeting that reoccurs with No Fixed Time.

Do not use Personal Meeting ID Zoom meetings for any large meetings, or if you publicly post your Zoom meeting link.

Enter as Host or Co-Host.
So you can remove, mute, or manage participants.

Use the Waiting Room feature.
Pick & choose 1-4 or more specific people at a time to enter the meeting.
Move people back to waiting room at any time.
Waiting Room to Manage Office Hours Attendance
Know how to remove participants completely from a Zoom meeting.
https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us/articles/115005759423-Managing-participants-in-a-meeting
“Lock the Zoom Meeting” after meeting starts. Unlock when finished.

Zoom -- Managing Users, Privacy, and Security Measures
Scroll down to ""Lock the Zoom Meeting"" section.

Make the following changes to individual scheduled Zoom meetings.
Login to https://drexel.zoom.us
Click ""Meetings.""
Click the meeting.
Scroll down and click “Edit this Meeting.”
Scroll down to and disable ""Only authenticated users can join meetings.""
Disable “Only authenticated users can join meetings from Web client.""
Click “Save” to save changes.
You won’t be able to have any non-Drexel people otherwise.
When you or someone else posts the Zoom hyperlink
or web link in social media or a public website,
try to make sure the text of the hyperlink or link is a real word or phrase, such as
Virtual Walk-In Hours (just an example)
or the like,
and not something with the actual Zoom URL, such as
https://drexel.zoom.us/meeting/9999999999 (just an example)

If not possible, disregard this, but this can help.
While it’s a minor hurdle to any black hat hacker who actually knows what they are doing,
most will take the path of least resitance.
Also, the bots used to search for Zoom links in public spots often only looks for text rather than links."
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Zoom -- Mute or Unmute All, Manage Large Classes or Events
Note
Hosts can click “Mute All” at bottom of participants panel in Zoom.
Mute All
Click “Participants” or ""Manage Participants"" to open “Participants” panel.
Click ""Mute All"" at bottom of ""Participants Panel.""
Let participants unmute themselves?
For large meetings:
Recommend unchecking ""All participants can unmute themselves"" checkbox.

For small meetings:
Recommend checking ""All participants can unmute themselves"" checkbox.
Click ""Continue.""
Unmute All
Click “Participants” or ""Manage Participants"" to open “Participants” panel.
Click ""Unmute All"" at bottom of ""Participants Panel.""
Click ""Continue.""
Tips for Managing Large Classes or Groups
When you mute everybody, you can uncheck a box to forbid students/participants to unmute themselves.
Let students know in each class by typing in the chat that you muted everyone
and that they cannot unmute themselves (until you ask for questions).
You can unmute all to allow students to ask questions when you are at a question time.
Or you can selectively unmute students in the Participants panel
who indicate in the chat that they have a question that needs a microphone.

Click Participants and Chat to open those panels when you are ready to take questions,
ask students to post in chat if they have a question
Verbally respond to short questions asked in the chat.
And unmute students who say they have a longer questions.
And just verbally guide students when it’s the question period.
Ask “Who has a question?
Ask short questions in chat,
or say in chat: ""If you want to take the mic, speak up in chat, and I’ll unmute you.”
If someone complains, mention that online meetings often end up with someone typing on a keyboard
or having sounds in the background that everyone in the meeting can hear
and is very distracting for anyone else listening in.
And it's hard to find the specific person,
and they sometimes take a long time to mute themselves,
and it disrupts the class further to ask and wait for someone to mute themselves.
So muting everyone is a way to quickly deal with that.
Rephrase the above as you wish, of course.
Additional Instructions
https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us/articles/203435537-Mute-All-And-Unmute-All"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
echo360 -- Troubleshooting a Flashing Video Feed
Rush 209 is infamous for intermittently developing an issue where either the computer display video feed or the room video feed in echo360 live broadcasts and recordings flashes (turns off and on).
Usually, only video one feed does this at a time.
We've never figured out a long term solution, but doing the following seems to solve the issue for awhile.
First, try rebooting the echo360 device, if possible. Then do the following. The podium key is needed to do this.
For how to reboot an echo360 device, see the following webpage.
echo360 -- Rebooting echo360 Devices in CCI Classrooms
If rebooting does not work, then do the following:
Get the podium key.
Open up the back of the podium in the CCI classroom.
SC 326 has a small server rack in an equipment room outside the classroom.
Look for the echo360 device.
   (a) The words ""echo360"" are on the back and front of the device.
Look for two cords going into two video input ports on the Echo360 device.
   (a) One is labeled ""Primary Display/Secondary Video""; the other, ""Primary Video/Secondary Display.""
         Below are the two video inputs ports.

         

         

Unplug the video cords and plug them into the opposite video input ports.
   (a) The cord that was plugged into ""Primary Display/Secondary Video"" should now be plugged into ""Primary Video/Secondary Display,"" and vice-versa.
See if that resolves the issue.
   (a) Ask the instructor to check with the students watching the live broadcast.
   (b) Or ask the CO-OP, or someone with admin echo360 access. to check the live broadcast, or make a test live echo360 broadcast and/or recording.
If the issue is resolved:
   (a) Close up and lock the back of the podium.
   (b) Put the podium key back where it belongs.
If the issue is not resolved:
   (a) If you don't know, ask instructor or CO-OP or someone if students are having problems with the computer display video feed or room video feed.
   (b) If students are having problems with the computer display feed:
            i.    Switch the video input cords again, and make sure the students are getting computer display feed without flashing.
            ii.   If you cannot get the computer display feed to work after switching back, or if both feeds are having a problem, reboot the echo360 device.
                     1.  For how to reboot an echo360 device, see the following webpage.
                             (a) echo360 -- Rebooting echo360 Devices in CCI Classrooms
            iii.  Wait 5-10 minutes for the echo360 device to fully boot up again.
   (c) Tell the instructor that there's nothing else you know to do to resolve the issue, and that you'll have to elevate it to the CO-OP or full time CCI technical staff.
            i.   If live feed is needed, ask the instructor if they want to use the Blackboard Ultra virtual conferencing tool through Bb Learn. Instructions for this are at the webpage below if they do.
                    1.  Bb Collaborate Ultra
https://docs.cci.drexel.edu/display/CD/Bb+Collaborate+Ultra
Close up and lock the back of the podium when finished.
Put the podium key back where it belongs.
Report the issue in a HelpDesk ticket, and if possible, directly to the CO-OP."
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Zoom -- Record without Participant or Student Names
You can disable participants’ names & thumbnail video
if/when they share their screen or talk in Zoom cloud recordings
by doing the following.
Thumbnail video = minimized video showing participant sharing video.
*2* helpful screenshots beneath instructions below.
Here are the Instructions.
Visit https://drexel.zoom.us , and login.
Click “Settings” in left navigation.
Click “Recording” tab.
Under “Cloud Recording” & “Advanced cloud recording settings,”
uncheck “Display participants’ names in the recording.”
And uncheck “Record thumbnails when sharing.”
We also recommend to…

Uncheck “Record gallery view with shared screen.”

Uncheck “Gallery view”
under the checked “Record active speaker, gallery view, and shard screen separately.”

Scroll down & click “Save.”
Screenshot #1 of 2


Screenshot #2 of 2"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
echo360 -- Accessing Lecture Recordings Outside of Bb Learn -- Instructors Only
Login to echo360 at https://echo360.org using your long form Drexel email address and your DrexelOne or Bb Learn password.
   (a) You will likely be provided your long form email address if these instructions are shared with you.
   (b) If you have login issues, click the link below for help.
            i.    Your login email address is going to be your long form Drexel email address.
                     1.  For example: Mike Galloway's long form Drexel email address is michael.j.galloway@drexel.edu. Yours may not include the middle initial and may include numbers.
            ii.   Your password is going to be your Bb Learn or DrexelOne password, unless you changed it in echo360
                     1.  If you forgot your password, or have password problems, click the ""Forgot your password?"" link on the https://echo360.org webpage.
            iii.  If you do not know your long form Drexel email address, here's how to find it.
                     1.  Method 1: Visit the Drexel Directory webpage below, and look your long form Drexel email address up using your name in last name, first name format for the search terms.
                             (a)  http://drexel.edu/about/contact/
                     2.  Method 2:
                             (a)  Login to Bb Learn at http://learn.drexel.edu using your DrexelOne username and password.
                             (b)  Click your name in the upper right corner of the Bb Learn webpage.
                             (c)  Click ""Settings, then ""Personal Information,"" then ""Edit Personal Information."" Copy your long form Drexel email address. Click ""Cancel.""
                             (d)  Note that you cannot change your email address or password in Bb Learn.

Click your name or email address in the upper right of the echo360 webpage.
Make sure the word ""Instructor"" appears over the ""Change"" web link in the pop-up window.
   (a) If you do not see the word ""Instructor,"" click ""Change,"" click the 2nd drop-down menu, select ""Instructor,"" and click ""OK.""
            i.    Make sure the word ""Instructor"" appears over the ""Change"" web link in the pop-up window.
                 

            ii.   If you do not see the word ""Instructor,"" click ""Change.""
                   

            iii.  Click the 2nd drop-down menu, select ""Instructor,"" and click ""OK.""
                   Click ""DASHBOARD"" at the top left.

Click the ""Term"" drop-down menu, and select the appropriate term.

Click ""ALL CLASSES"" in the same row/area for whichever class's recordings you want to watch.

Click the date of the recording.

Click to allow/activate/run flash or other plugins (if prompted).

Close the ""Notes"" panel by clicking the X in the upper right.
If either the video or computer display video feeds are taking up the whole webpage, and you want a larger view of the other video feed, click the other video feed in the lower right-hand corner.
Computer display video feed is enlarged in screenshot below. In echo360, click the room video feed in lower-right hand corner to switch to that feed.

Room video feed is enlarged in screenshot below. In echo360, click the computer display video feed in lower-right hand corner to switch to that feed.

To exit the recording when finished:
   (a) Move mouse over the recording video window. Click menu icon in upper left. Click ""Exit Classroom.""
To log out of echo360:
   (a) Click your name in upper right. Click ""LOGOUT."""
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
echo360 -- Troubleshooting
echo360 -- Troubleshooting a Flashing Video Feed
echo360 -- Troubleshooting Live Broadcast Issues
echo360 -- Troubleshooting on a mobile device
echo360 -- Troubleshooting Recording Playback Issues"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Troubleshooting Gather.Town
Use Google Chrome
Google Chrome is most supported web browser for Gather.Town.
Choose Different Mic or Speaker or Camera
Click Settings gear (left panel).
Click User.
Choose different inputs for microphone, speaker, or camera.
Reset Position
Can solve issues where you do not see what others see or cannot find everyone, especially if you revisit a Gather.Town space.
Click name at bottom.
Click Reset Position.
Respawn (and then Reload)
Can solve issues where you do not see what others see or cannot find everyone, especially if you revisit a Gather.Town space.
Click Settings gear (left panel).
Click User.
Scroll down.
Click respawn.
Still issues? Reload webpage.
Respawn Screenshot 1

Respawn Screenshot 2"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Zoom -- Virtual Backgrounds
Introduction
You can use an image or movie in place of what is normally showing behind you when you share video in Zoom.
You do NOT need a green screen, but you can use one, or use any solid color material behind you, if you wish.
How to Add a Zoom Virtual Background -- in 5 Steps
Open the Zoom app on your computer.
a. Mac: Open a Finder window and click Applications folder, and look there. Or do a Spotlight Search using the Command and spacebar key combination (or Cmd and spacebar key combination, or ⌘ and spacebar key combination).
b. Windows: Go to Start menu or Windows menu, and search for Zoom, or look under Z in the list of all Applications or Programs.
Only if you are asked to sign in: click ""Sign in with SSO"" or ""SSO Sign in with SSO, & then type in ""drexel"" (no quotes) next to "".zoom.us"" and ""Continue,"" and click in your web browser to ""Open zoom.us"" or ""Open Zoom,"" and then login on the Drexel Connect webpage with Drexel userid and password.Click your initials (or avatar image) in upper right & then click ""Settings.""
If you want to add your own Virtual Background, click the + sign, and then ""Add Image"" and ""Add Video,"" and upload your image or video (see More Tips below).
If you want to choose from the pre-existing Virtual Backgrounds, or from one you already loaded, choose one of the images under ""Choose Virtual Background.""
         
Once you choose a Virtual Background, it will instantly appear as soon as you show video of yourself in a Zoom meeting, or instantly if you are showing video of yourself.
You can close the ""Settings"" window now.
Change or Disable Virtual Background in a Zoom Meeting
Follow the steps indicated in screenshot below.
Then click ""None"" for no background. Or choose one of your other Zoom Virtual Backgrounds.
              
More Tips
""Mirror my video"" checkbox (shown above) can help make text that reads backwards read correctly, but check with someone in a Zoom meeting for how the text reads.
Images should be 16:9 aspect ratio and 1280 x 720. PNG or JPG images work fine. Or just try it out (unless it's a really, really big file). 
Videos should be MP4 or MOV with a minimum resolution 360p (480 x 360 pixels) & maximum resolution of 1080p (1920 by 1080 pixels). Or just try it out (unless it's a really, really big file). 
If you use your background image or movie with a very large meeting or that is open to the public, be sure you have the rights to use the image. 
If you use a green screen or other solid-color backdrop use (not required):
Your clothing should not be the same color as your green screen or other solid-color backdrop.
You also may not get much added benefit from flattening or straightening out or smoothing out any green screen or other solid-color backdrop, but feel free to try.
To enable use in Zoom of green screen or other solid-color backdrop, follow steps below.
Not shown: After doing steps below, your mouse pointer becomes a plus sign (cross hairs, really), and you can click the color in your video you want to use as your green screen or solid-color backdrop color.
         

Drexel CCI Zoom Background:
If you would like to use the Drexel CCI Zoom background, it can be found here
Go to the following link: https://drexel.edu/cci/about/cci-community-resources/
Scroll down to ""For CCI Faculty and Professional Staff""
Open the third link labeled ""Drexel CCI Zoom background"" and download the image.
Follow the steps at the top of this page to set your Zoom background.
Note: This is a sample image. Follow the instructions above to download the full size image."
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Zoom -- Hosting a Drexel Zoom Meeting
Be Familiar with Joining a Zoom Meeting
Click link below if you need to get familiar with joining a Zoom meeting.
Zoom -- Joining a Zoom Meeting -- INCLUDE
Video Overview
https://1513041.mediaspace.kaltura.com/media/Zoom+Overview+for+TA%27s+and+Instructors+-+September+2020+PUBLIC/1_9wpezg2v
Hosting -- Specific Topics
You only need to sign in as a Host if you want to record a meeting, mute/unmute all, or use breakout rooms.
ALL Drexel students, professional staff, instructors, and faculty have a Drexel Pro Zoom account and can host their own Zoom meetings.
Zoom -- Managing Users, Privacy, and Security Measures
Zoom -- FAQs
Zoom -- Maximum Attendees
Zoom -- Adding Co-Hosts or Alternate Hosts
Zoom -- Claim Host Role during a Meeting
Zoom -- Click your own Zoom Link and Enter as Host or Drexel Account
Zoom -- Group Work or Breakout Rooms
Zoom -- iPad, iPhone, iOS, or Android Screen Share
Zoom -- Login or Registration or Redirect Issues
Zoom -- Post Your Photo
https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us/articles/201363203-Customizing-your-Profile
Zoom -- Mute All or Unmute All, Manage Large Classes or Events
Only hosts can Mute/Unmute All.
Zoom -- Recording
Zoom -- Scheduling
At meeting time, go to Drexel Zoom at https://drexel.zoom.us >
Sign In Standard > login > Meetings > click your scheduled meeting.
See Joining a Zoom Meeting section above for help with audio or screen sharing.
Zoom -- Waiting Room to Manage Office Hours Attendance
Zoom -- Unscheduled Zoom Meeting
Follow below instructions.
Visit https://drexel.zoom.us > Sign In Standard > login >
HOST A MEETING > With Video Off (or On, your choice) >
Enter name and email (if prompted) > Join With Computer Audio.
Zoom -- 2nd Webcam and Writing
Zoom -- Attendance - use Usage Reports
PowerPoint presenter view while Zoom screen share and show chat
Advanced Topics
Zoom -- Advanced Instructions
zoom--Using sidecar on Mac and iPad using mirrored display
zoom--Tips on using PowerPoint with Zoom"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Zoom -- Sharing Online Recordings for Others to Upload or Store
NOT RECOMMENDED!!!!
EXCEPT AS A WAY TO TRANSFER FILE COPY OF RECORDING FOR OTHERS TO USE IN MORE PERMANENT STORAGE AREA.
Such as Kaltura Drexel Streams at https://drexel.edu/it/streams .
For more on Kaltura Drexel Streams, which is also available to all students, faculty, and staff at Drexel see link below.
Adding Media to Bb Learn via Kaltura or Drexel Streams
or...
Sharing Kaltura Audio or Video with Non-Drexel Users or Share with Anyone
Also, see
Zoom -- Recording
That said, to share Zoom online recordings...
CLICK IN NUMBER ORDER in SCREENSHOT BELOW
to share a Zoom video for someone else to download.
Number given on arrow.
Note: For 6, follow 6a, then 6b, then 6c.
IMPORTANT!
Do not keep Zoom videos in Zoom for more than 18 weeks.
They will be deleted after 18 weeks.
Email sent first, purportedly, but don't count on that!

Do not put links to Zoom recordings in your Bb Learn course section.
Any Zoom links older than 18 weeks will be deleted!

Do not upload MP4 files directly into Bb Learn!
Use Kaltura Drexel Streams method at
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Adding Media to Bb Learn

Sharing with non-Drexel users?
For Arrow #4 below,
select ""Publicly.""
They still have to have the link to play it.

See: Sharing Kaltura Audio or Video with Non-Drexel Users or Share with Anyone"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Captions
Zoom Automatically Captions Recorded Videos
If using Zoom, Zoom automatically generates captions for recorded videos, but it uses AI to auto-generate transcripts, and the accuracy is not good enough for students who need special accommodations. See link below for more info.
Zoom -- Captions and Transcripts
Captions for a Single Video in Kaltura Drexel Streams
Upload finished videos to Kaltura Drexel Streams first.
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Adding Media to Bb Learn
Once you have a video uploaded.
Login to Kaltura Drexel Streams at https://drexel.edu/it/streams 
Click ""My Media,"" and click the link to your video.
Scroll down to ""ACTIONS"" and click ""+Captions & Enrich.""
Scroll down under ""Order Captions,"" and click ""Submit.""
There is rarely any need to change settings.
This method use AI to auto-generate transcripts, but the accuracy is not good enough for students who need special accommodations to use without it being reviewed by Drexel's Disabilities Resources office first.
Wait 24 hours for captions to appear.
Need to download a transcript? There will be timestamps in it, but you can do the following to get one, after doing the above and waiting for the captions to appear.
Login again to Kaltura Drexel Streams at https://drexel.edu/it/streams  . Click ""My Media,"" and click the link to your video. Scroll down to ""ACTIONS"" and click ""Edit."" Click ""Captions."" Click down-arrow-on-box icon to download captions as a file that can also be used as a transcript. Contact ihelp@drexel.edu if you need help removing the timestamps.
Captions for Multiple Videos
Upload finished videos to Kaltura Drexel Streams first.
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Adding Media to Bb Learn
Once you have a video uploaded.
Login to Kaltura Drexel Streams at https://drexel.edu/it/streams 
Click ""My Media.""
Check the box in front of multiple videos you want captions.
Scroll down to ""ACTIONS"" and click ""+Captions & Enrich.""
Click ""Submit.""
There is rarely any need to change settings.
This method use AI to auto-generate transcripts, but the accuracy is not good enough for students who need special accommodations.
Wait 24 hours for captions to appear.
Need to download a transcript? There will be timestamps in it, but you can do the following to get one, after doing the above and waiting for the captions to appear.
Login again to Kaltura Drexel Streams at https://drexel.edu/it/streams  . Click ""My Media,"" and click the link to your video. Scroll down to ""ACTIONS"" and click ""Edit."" Click ""Captions."" Click down-arrow-on-box icon to download captions as a file that can also be used as a transcript. Contact ihelp@drexel.edu if you need help removing the timestamps.
More Captioning or Transcription Options
LiveTranscribe App -- Android or ChromeOS
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.google.audio.hearing.visualization.accessibility.scribe&hl=en_US
Great transcription app on the Google Play Store, available on ChromeOS Chromebooks & Android or Google cellphones or mobile devices.
Accuracy is not good enough for students who need special accommodations.
Microsoft Word Dictate Tool
If you do not have Microsoft Word on your Mac or Windows computer, everyone at Drexel can download Office 365, which contains Word, by logging in at https://portal.office.com , and clicking the ""Install"" link.
In Microsoft Word, even on Mac, the ""Home"" tab has a toolbar at the top that includes the ""Dictation"" icon. Click the ""Dictation"" icon."" Agree to any terms of use. Then just start talking. Click the ""Dictation"" icon again to stop transcribing. Lean close to the microphone for better results. Accuracy is not good enough for students who need special accommodations.
Google Drive's Documents Voice Typing -- Chrome only on Mac or Windows
You can use this if you make a new Doc or document in Google Drive, and only if you are using the Chrome web browser on Mac or Windows (not sure about Linux or Chrome-variant web browsers like Brave or the new Microsoft Edge).
Go to Google Drive at https://drive.google.com/ , and login. Create a Google account if you do not have a Google account somehow, and then login, if necessary. Once logged in, click ""+ New"" and create a new ""Google Docs"" document. Use a ""blank document."" In the new tab with the new document, click the title of the ""Untitled document,"" and rename it. Click ""Tools"" < ""Voice Typing."" Click the microphone icon. If prompted, click ""Allow"" to let your web browser use the microphone. Start talking. Click the microphone again to stop.
Accuracy is not good enough for students who need special accommodations.
Siri Dictation -- Apple iPad, iPhone, macOS -- Not Recommended
Use Siri for voice dictation on your Mac laptop or your iPhone or iPad.
It is not great.
If you talk at a normal speed without much pause for 20 seconds to a couple minutes, Siri stops writing down what you speak.
Still, if for some reason, you have some issues getting the above working, or you want to just try this, here are directions. Maybe it will work better for you.
If you go this route, we HIGHLY RECOMMEND talking without much pause for a couple minutes, and trying to have someone else do the same.
You’ll need to open up a note on your Mac or iPhone or iOS device or even Word, and then get Siri going.
Directions below.
https://www.diygenius.com/siri-voice-dictation-guide/
Editing Caption Files on your Computer
Captions and Transcriptions -- Editing Caption Files on Your Computer
https://docs.cci.drexel.edu/display/CD/Captions+and+Transcriptions+--+Editing+Caption+Files+on+Your+Computer"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Kaltura Drexel Streams FAQ
Tagged with: kaltura
Drexel Streams -- Drexel's Kaltura Video Repository
Go to https://drexel.edu/it/streams to get to the main Drexel Kaltura or Drexel Streams.
The above link brings you to the primary Drexel Kaltura site to upload and view media.
Add Video to Bb Learn Using Kaltura
You can & absolutely should use Kaltura or Drexel Streams to upload your Zoom cloud recordings in Bb Learn.
If you record to the Zoom cloud using your Drexel account,
you automatically have the recording available in Kaltura Drexel Streams at
https://drexel.edu/it/streams
and within Bb Learn.
Just login with Drexel username and password at
https://drexel.edu/it/streams
and then click ""My Media"" to view them.
And you can do this easily from within Bb Learn.
Or go to a ""Week"" or other content area in Bb Learn.
Use ""Build Content"" > ""Kaltura Media.""
Wait 10-30 seconds & then select your Zoom cloud recording.
Add Zoom cloud recordings to a Bb Learn course section
See ""Simple Instructions"" section at:
Zoom -- Add Videos to Bb Learn using Kaltura Drexel Streams
How do you upload and share media?
To upload media and share it to Blackboard Learn: 
Adding Media to Bb Learn via Kaltura or Drexel Streams
To upload media through Blackboard Learn to Kaltura:
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Adding Audio or Video to a Content Area -- Instructors Only
To upload media and share it with a link:
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Uploading Directly & Making Playable by Anyone with Link
How do you make a quiz in Kaltura?
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Quizzes in Videos
How do you require test before test or assignment?
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Quizzes in Video - Require Before Test or Assignment
How do you make others co-publisher or co-editor of media in Kaltura?
To see more information about different roles: 
Differences in Collaborators on Kaltura
To allow various actions:
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Make Others Co-Editors, Co-Publishers, or Co-Viewers of Videos
How do you allow downloads of media?
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Allow Downloads"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Outlook Plug-in or Add-in for Zoom
Try this 1st
Download and install the Outlook plugin directly from the link below.
https://zoom.us/download
under ""Microsoft Outlook Plugin"".
Click ""Get it now.""
Use Drexel email address and password to login, or the ""Work or School Account"" option to login.
After login, you may need to click ""Get it now"" again.
Then lick ""Continue.""
Click ""Install"" if prompted.
Click ""Open in Outlook Web.""
Close and re-open your installed Outlook application or program if you don't see the change.
IMPORTANT TIPS:
For sign in or login, ALWAYS choose the ""SSO"" or ""Sign in with SSO"" option,
unless you are on the Drexel Connect webpage.
And always use ""drexel.zoom.us""
Or type in drexel before .zoom.us, if asked.
Close and re-open your installed Outlook application or program if you don't see the change.
Try this 2nd
If the 1st method above fails, try this.
Visit https://outlook.office.com in a web browser, and login with Drexel account.
Go to the Calendar area.
Click New event > ... > Get Add-ins.
Type ""zoom"" in the search box. Click ""Zoom for Outlook.""
Click ""Add.""
You will see a ""Get started for Zoom for Outlook"" window. That means you were successful.
Open your installed Outlook application or program.

You will see the ""+ Add a Zoom Meeting"" icon if you make a new calendar event or compose a new email.


If you do not see it, expand the window, or click the small right angle at the far right in the toolbar to scroll right in the Outlook calendar or email toolbar (under ""Appointment"").
If you still do not see the Zoom button in a new appointment or meeting window in Outlook,
Close and re-open your installed Outlook application or program."
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
FlashBack Express - Free Screen Recorder
Installation
The FlashBack Express Free Screen Recorder lets you screen record for free without any time limit.
 Download from here, and install.
https://www.flashbackrecorder.com/express/
Click DOWNLOADS > Flashback Express.
Not ""Pro"" version.
Follow on-screen instructions, BUT...
Avoid the paid version. The end of the installation process has a small link that lets you stick with the free version
Record
Open FlashBack Express.
The Recorder window should appear.

Set the screen ""Record"" drop-down menu at the top says ""Full Screen.""
Check ""Record Sound,"" and make sure both the ""Microphone"" and ""Speakers"" or output checkboxes are checked.
Speak a little and look to see if the green-red bar level indicator to the right moves as you speak. Choose a different microphone (if available) if it does not.
Leave ""Default PC Speakers"" or the like selected.
Check the ""Record Webcam"" box if you want people to see you while you speak.
Then choose the camera.
Then click record.
Do a test recording for 5-10 seconds before your actual recording.
Make your actual recording.
Stop the recording when finished.
Click ""Review"" (when asked to ""Review"" or ""Save"" or ""Discard"" the recording).
Proceed to the Export section below.
Export
Now you need to save the recording and export it in a usable video file format.
Click the ""Export"" button.

In the ""Select Export Format"" Window, choose ""MP4"" or ""MPEG4"". Then click ""OK.""

In the ""Export to MPEG4"" window, make sure ""Export Frames"" is set to ""Whole Movies,"" leave all of the other settings to their default, and click ""Export.""

Save the file to where you want on your computer.
Expect the processing/exporting time to take 3/4 of the time of the actual recording.
You may need to minimize the recorded video in order to see the pause button, or the X in the upper right to close the recording window.
You will need end up with 2 files.
One file is an MPEG4 video file. This MPEG4 video file is what you upload to Kaltura.
The other file will have an icon that looks like an old film video camera. Save this file, but do not upload it to Kaltura
Upload the MPEG4 video file (not the file with the video camera icon) to Kaltura.
Upload a Video or Audio File for VoiceThread
https://voicethread.com/howto/recording-a-comment
Add to Kaltura and then Bb Learn -- Not for VoiceThread
Upload the MPEG4 video file (not the file with the video camera icon on it) to Kaltura.
Follow the instructions below to upload the video to Kaltura and then add the video to your Bb Learn course shell.
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Adding Media to Bb Learn"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Zoom -- Recording
First, Sign in to Drexel Zoom before Recording
See link below.
Generally, just need to check or set this once.
Zoom -- SSO Single Sign-On and Host Sign-In
Record to the Cloud (Online) in Zoom
You can just record yourself in a Zoom meeting your schedule. Or you can record a meeting with others.
Do a 30-second test recording first.
Make sure your mic is picking up sound in the recording.
Make sure you screenshare if you need to demonstrate something on your computer.
Turn on your webcam in Zoom if you need to record yourself.
Below is how to enable/use the cloud/online recording option in Zoom.
https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us/articles/203741855-Cloud-recording
Zoom Auto Copies or Backs-Up to Kaltura
Drexel cloud recordings automatically back up to Kaltura or Drexel Streams (Drexel's video repository)
at https://drexel.edu/it/streams (Drexel Streams = Kaltura).
These videos are also easily accessible from within Bb Learn.
This makes it SUPER EASY to submit videos for assignments.
Manually Adding Zoom Videos Copied to Kaltura
Zoom -- Add Videos to Bb Learn using Kaltura Drexel Streams
Students Submitting Assignments
Embed Kaltura Audio or Video in Any Bb Learn Text Box
Editing Zoom Recordings - Do Not Use Zoom
Zoom's video editing only works when shared from Zoom, not when you download recordings.
For editing, we recommend...
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Edit Video or Video Settings
-or-
OpenShot Video Editor
Then upload to Kaltura or Drexel Streams using Adding Media to Bb Learn via Kaltura or Drexel Streams
Alternate Method -- Share Kaltura or Drexel Streams
Good for sharing outside of Drexel Bb Learn or with non-Drexel people, or if you run into issues with above method. See link below.
Sharing Kaltura Audio or Video with Non-Drexel Users
Also see: Zoom -- Recording -- Share or Download from Zoom or Kaltura Drexel Streams
OPTIONAL --More Tips
Everything below is optional information.
Alternate Method -- Share Kaltura or Drexel Streams
Good for sharing outside of Drexel Bb Learn or with non-Drexel people, or if you run into issues with above method. See link below.
Sharing Kaltura Audio or Video with Non-Drexel Users
Also see: Zoom -- Recording -- Share or Download from Zoom or Kaltura Drexel Streams
Zoom recording taking a long time to process?
Short recordings should process quick.
For long recording, give it 3-6 hours for 2-3 hours of recording.
And ALSO make sure the Host ended the Zoom meeting rather than just left.
To do so, re-enter the Zoom meeting.
Click End > End Meeting for All.
Downloading Online or Cloud Recordings
Here is how to download online or cloud recordings.
Login to https://drexel.zoom.us with DrexelConnect userid & password.
Click the ""Recordings"" link in the left navigation.
Click the link for your recording under ""Topic.""
Click ""Download # Files"" (# will be any number).
   (a) If prompted, click to allow download of multiple files.
Choose where to save each file.
Open downloaded .mp4 files. Make sure your have right ones.
Any Zoom videos kept more than 18 weeks starting June 1, 2020 will be taken down.
(Email sent first, purportedly, but don't count on that!)
Accessing Recordings if Alt Host or Privileged Scheduler
Only the real host can access the recordings. The other 2 can get emails when the recording is ready on the Host's account.
Zoom -- Scheduling for Someone Else -- Recording Access
Captions and Transcript
Zoom -- Captions and Transcripts
Recording to Computer
Recording to the Cloud is still recommended over recording to your computer, as it will save you time and effort, but Zoom has made Recording to the Computer less of an ordeal if the post-meeting processing window and, well, process is closed before finished. Zoom stores pre-processed recordings as .zoom files on your computer on Windows and Mac in the Documents folder in the Zoom folder. Do NOT change the name of the .zoom files. Each .zoom file will have a name similar to ""double_click_to_convert.."" If you do not have an .mp4, mf4a, and/or .m3u files and just .zoom files, just double-click the one or more .zoom files, and let the processing start and finish. The .zoom files will disappear after the conversion is over. Again, we generally recommend Recording to the Cloud, as it's still the easier and more sure method, but it's nice to know Recording to the Computer has been dramatically improved by Zoom.
Recordings are stored locally on the host's computer. You can go into Zoom's settings to find the location of the recording.
Zoom -- Sharing Online Recordings for Others to Upload or Store
Record without Participant or Student Names
Zoom -- Record without participant or student names"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Google Meet
Creating a New Meeting
Navigate to meet.google.com and click New meeting (Ensure you're logged into your Google account).
 Select ""Create a meeting for later"" in order to save the link for a later date, or select ""Start an instant meeting"" to start one instantly.

Make sure to allow your browser to use your Microphone and Camera (Look for a lock right before the URL if it does not pop up automatically).

Inviting People to Your Meeting
Click""Meeting details"" at the bottom of your Meeting.
Click ""Copy joining info"" to copy the meeting link to your clipboard.

More Options
Navigate to the bottom right and click on the vertical three dots to open ""More Options""

a. Here you can find multiple options including settings where you can modify what microphone and video you use for the meeting.

Useful Information
You need a Google account to use Google Meet. Everyone attending and speaking also needs a Google account to use Google Meet. 
Google account signup page - 
https://accounts.google.com/signup/v2/webcreateaccount?hl=en&flowName=GlifWebSignIn&flowEntry=SignUp

Detailed instructions on how to create Google account - 
https://support.google.com/accounts/answer/27441?hl=en&ref_topic=3382296
Some things to know about Google Meet
Google Meet has very low security so please email or send the link to only those who should join the meeting. 
Google Meet meeting hosts cannot explicitly block someone from joining the meeting so, do not share the meeting link publicly.
Google Meet meeting recordings are stored in Google Drive. Everyone with a free Google account will only get 15GB of storage on Google Drive. You can always transfer recordings from Google Drive to Kaltura Drexel Streams to free up storage on Google Drive but, If the meeting is going to be long enough to require more than 15GB of storage to store the recording then Google Meet is not recommended. 
Some helpful Links:
Google Meet homepage  - https://meet.google.com/
YouTube Video on How to Use Google Meet - https://youtu.be/O8Y1vlfpbEU
Google Meet cheat sheet - https://support.google.com/a/users/answer/9300131"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
echo360 -- Screen Recording from a Personal Computer
Introduction
You can screen record from your personal computer, and instantly upload the recording to echo360 using ""Universal Capture: Personal.""
You have to install it first. And then you can use it.
Installation
Find your long-form Drexel email address.
(a) Method 1: Login to https://accounts.drexel.edu with DrexelOne or Drexel Connect userid & password, click ""Continue,"" and look for your ""Official email address"" at the top of the page. It will not be hyperlinked.
(b) Method 2: Look yourself up on on the ""Contact Drexel: Directory"" webpage.
        i. https://drexel.edu/about/contact/
(c) Method 3: If you still cannot find yourself with 100% certainty, contact ihelp@drexel.edu for assistance.
NOTE: When you go to use it, you can type your long-form Drexel email address as all lowercase letters.
Access Echo360 through a Bb Learn course section with an ""echo360 Class Recordings"" link in the left navigation.
Click the ""Access echo360 Recordings for..."" link on the page.
You should now see an echo360 webpage within the Bb Learn course section webpage.
In upper right, click gear icon > ""Account Settings"". Then click ""Create Password"" button. Follow on-screen instructions.
Now, in upper right, click gear icon (again) > ""Downloads."" Click link to download ""Universal Capture: Personal."" Install once downloaded.
Open ""Echo360 Universal Capture"" newly installed in your ""Applications"" or ""Programs"" areas in Mac or Windows.
(a) Look in Finder window > Applications on Mac. Or press Cmd + spacebar, and do a spotlight search for ""Echo360 Universal Capture.""
(b) Click Start menu or Windows key icon in lower right, and search for this application or program, or go to the list of all installed applications or programs.
Login to ""Echo360 Universal Capture"" with your long-form Drexel email address and the password you just created.
How to Use
The screenshot below, pulled from Echo360's website at the link below, encapsulates how to use ""Echo360 Universal Capture.""
When you finish recording, the capture uploads to the course and section you specify. If you cannot find it,
Access Echo360 through a Bb Learn course section with an ""echo360 Class Recordings"" link in the left navigation.
Click the ""Access echo360 Recordings for..."" link on the page.
Click ""Library"" in the upper left, and browse or search for it. New recordings usually appear in the top left, or near the top.
For even more information on how to use ""Echo360 Universal Capture,"" see:
https://learn.echo360.com/hc/en-us/articles/360035408191-Start-a-Recording-with-Universal-Capture#Universal_Capture:_Personal
Screenshot above pulled from this webpage: https://help.echo360.com/hc/en-us/articles/360039980092-Universal-Capture-Personal-Overview"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Zoom -- Invalid Meeting ID or Invalid Meeting Number
If you click a Zoom meeting link,
and you get an error that says something like:
""Invalid Meeting ID"" or ""Invalid Meeting Number,""
here's what to do.
Check the original Zoom meeting link information you were provided in an email or on a website.
Check that the Meeting ID number in the web address of the Zoom link (URL or web address),
or that the Zoom link in general of the web address,
is correct.
If this was in a class, also look in the Bb Learn course section where the link was originally shared.
Again, check that the Meeting ID number or that Zoom link in general of the web address posted in Bb Learn is what you are using.
Sometimes, an instructor or TA may need to change a Zoom link.
And it's possible you missed an email.
Or the instructor or TA didn't get a chance yet to inform you of the changed Zoom link.
Also, try one or more the following:
Sign out of the Zoom app on your computer.
Sign out of Zoom in the web browser
Sign back in at https://drexel.zoom.us/.
Sign into your Zoom app using your Drexel account.
And use the SSO option to sign in.
Enter ""drexel.zoom.us"" if prompted.
Or ""drexel"" (no quotes) before "".zoom.us.""
Then try clicking the Zoom link again.
If you have questions on SSO sign-in for Drexel Pro accounts, see the following:
Zoom -- SSO Single Sign-On and Host Sign-In"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
QuickTime
This webpage simply lists CCI Docs webpage listed on other CCI Docs webpages.
QuickTime -- INCLUDE -- Basics"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Record Screen on iPad, iPhone, or iOS Device
There are a couple methods to record whatever you do on the screen of your iPad, iPhone, or iOS device, along with audio and additional video from your webcam.
Record Screen with Audio using the Control Center Option
Alternative video instructions at bottom of page, but take a look at written instructions & screenshot in step 1 below, as it may be helpful.
Swipe down from the top right on your iPad, iPhone, or iOS device.

Click the white record button, or the circled white dot.

Make sure Microphone button is ON or Red. Tap to turn on.

If you do *not see a Microphone button, you didn't press and hold the Microphone button. The recording will not have audio. Press circled red dot recording button again to stop recording and try again.

Wait for 3-second countdown.

The circled white dot will turn into a circled red dot.
That means the recording has started.

Press iPad/iPhone Home button. Or swipe up.
Navigate to the apps you wish to use in your recorded demonstration or presentation.
To write/draw on your iPad or iPhone, see link below.
Write or Draw on your iPad or iPhone or iOS Device
Any app you have that you can write/draw with on your iPad or iPhone will work as well.
To stop recording, tap red bar at top. Then tap ""Stop Recording.""
The video will be uploaded to your Apple iCloud account on the Photos page.
Apple iCloud Photos webpage
https://www.icloud.com/photos/
To set-up iCloud on iPhone or iPad?
https://www.imore.com/how-set-customize-icloud-your-iphone-ipad-and-mac
To Download Video from iCloud to your Mac or Windows computer? See video below.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b6gyiTyzWtA
Video -- Record Screen with Audio using the Control Center Option
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DaSFGZq_ycE
Troubleshooting
Older iPads
On iOS 11? See link below.
https://www.imore.com/how-use-control-center-iphone-or-ipad#accesshome
On iOS 10 and earlier? See link below for an alternative method for recording from your iPad or iPhone's screen.
Record Screen on iPad, iPhone, or iOS Device -- Older Alternative Method"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
First Time Use of Gather.Town
Video Instructions -- 1 minute, 39 seconds
Use of Google Chrome HIGHLY recommended for use with Gather.Town.
And watching short video below first.
https://1513041.mediaspace.kaltura.com/media/Gather.Town+-+First+Time+Tutorial/1_33k5yis8
Walk Around
⬅︎➡︎⬆︎⬇︎ arrow keys
Hear or See Someone, Talk with Someone
Walk near them.
Or walk to same floor color area as presenter.
View Poster or Presentation
Walk to same floor color area as poster or presentation.
& press X key
Stop Viewing Poster or Presentation
esc or Escape key
Walk Through Someone -- Like a Ghost
Press & hold G key
Dance
Press & hold Z key
Change Name
Click your name at the bottom.
Click Edit.
Change your name.
Click X.
Follow Someone
If they move, you move with them.
Click 
Click person's name.
Click Follow.
Locate Someone on Map
Get a path to follow to find someone.
Click 
Click person's name.
Click Locate on map.
Spotlight Someone
Make sure you always hear & see them.
Click 
Click person's name.
Click Spotlight.
Change Character Appearance
Click character at bottom.
Turn on Quiet Mode
Only see and hear people next to you.
⌘ and U (Mac)
Ctrl and U (Windows)
Or click name at bottom & click Turn on Quiet Mode.
Mute Your Camera and Microphone
Find your video (lower right).
Click tiny mic & camera icon.
Screenshare (if Presenting)
Enter a colored space or square.
Click the monitor icon at bottom.
Troubleshooting
Troubleshooting Gather.Town"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Windows Computer Access via Microsoft Remote Desktop
Microsoft Remote Desktop -- Mac access to Windows computer
Microsoft Remote Desktop -- Set up Win PC for Remote Desktop access through Mac
Microsoft Remote Desktop -- Windows Access to a Windows Computer
Microsoft Remote Desktop -- Set up Win PC for Remote Desktop access
Troubleshooting Remote Desktop"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Adding Media to Bb Learn via Kaltura or Drexel Streams
Tagged with: kaltura kaltura media drexel streams kaltura quiz
Introduction
Kaltura Drexel Streams is the recommended video and audio repository for Bb Learn or any Drexel videos. One Kaltura audio or video file in Bb Learn can be shared in multiple different Bb Learn course sections, conserving server storage space. And Kaltura video is easily playable by students and instructors in the major internet browsers.
IMPORTANT!!!!!
Do NOT link to Zoom cloud recordings! They are deleted in 18 weeks.
ONLY use Kaltura Drexel Streams when uploading videos to Bb Learn.
Do NOT upload videos directly to Bb Learn!
It slows down Bb Learn & costs the university MUCH more money.
Simple Instructions
Go to your Bb Learn course section.
Enter a ""Week"" or other content area.
Click ""Build Content"" > ""Kaltura Media.""
Wait 5-10 seconds.
Select your video.
Or...
Click ""+Add Media"" and upload media.
Follow the on-screen instructions.
Example of a content area.
Many content areas are ""Week 1"" or ""Week 2"" or similar.

More In-Depth Instructions
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Adding Kaltura Audio or Video to a Content Area -- Instructors Only
Add to a Text Box:
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Embed Kaltura Audio or Video in Any Bb Learn Text Box
Video Tutorials on using Kaltura or Drexel Streams
DU IT's/ITG's VIDEO TUTORIALS on Kaltura or Drexel Streams
Uploading Directly to Drexel Streams -- Playable by Anyone with Link
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Uploading Directly to Drexel Streams -- Playable by Anyone with Link
Video Assignments in Bb Learn
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Video Assignments or Discussion Board Posts in Bb Learn
Student Instructions
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Adding Media to Bb Learn -- Student Instructions
Allow Download of Videos
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Allow Downloads
Light Video Editing in Kaltura Drexel Streams
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Edit Video or Video Settings
Drexel ITG Resources
https://drexel.edu/it/help/a-z/kaltura/tutorials/
Other Useful Topics
Recording Video on a Computer and Adding to Bb Learn -- aka Screen Record
Kaltura Capture
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Finding Your Kaltura Audio or Video After It Is Uploaded
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Sharing Kaltura Audio or Video with Non-Drexel Users
Captions
Troubleshooting
Check the status of the Kaltura service at the website below.
https://status.kaltura.com/
If you have issues uploading, try the following.
Simply try again.
Try in a different web browser.
If the video is more than 1 GB, try splitting the video into 2 parts.
Use free Handbrake app to convert the video to a smaller size & widely accepted formats (as well as encoding)
Handbrake -- Smaller Video File Size or Converting Video
If working from home...
At least 25 Mbps download and 5 Mbps upload are recommended, if possible.
Slower upload speeds could lead to timeouts with very large video files.
Keywords: Kaltura, Kaltura, Kaltura, Kaltura"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- No Full-Screen in Firefox in Blackboard (Bb) Learn
This bug has been reported, but you probably won't be able to use the full-screen option with Kaltura videos, unless you do the following first.
Enter the Bb Learn course section where the video is.
Right-click or control-click or 2-finger click the course number in the upper left.
a. Then open the course number link in a New Tab or New Window.

Now try to play the Kaltura video at full-screen size."
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Zoom -- Adding a Password to Existing Meeting
It is possible to add a password to your Zoom office hours, or to any existing Zoom meeting.
If you already created a Zoom meeting for your office hours,
1. Then edit the existing Zoom meeting in ""Meetings"" area after signing into to https://drexel.zoom.us .
Zoom -- Support CCI
2. click on meetings and scroll up, then at the bottom click on edit.

3. check the passcode and save changes.


4. If you do not see your Zoom office hours meeting there, look in the ""Meetings"" area on https://drexel.zoom.us
Zoom -- Support CCI after login for ""Personal Room"" & click that. ""Personal Room"" appears next to ""Upcoming"" & ""Previous.""

5. scroll up and click on edit

6. check passcode and save changes."
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Embed Audio or Video in Any Bb Learn Text Box
Introduction
Assignment submission links & Bb Learn discussion boards let you embed video and audio you upload using Kaltura (or after uploading to Drexel Streams).
As does pretty much most content or tools instructors use in Bb Learn. This page covers how to do this.
Posting to Discussion Board, or for Instructor Content
Submitting an assignment? Scroll down to next section
Click the respective Discussion Board Forum

Post to or reply in a Discussion Board or Forum
Click the ""Create Thread"" button or see Discussion Board -- Video Instructions
Record a video before continuing with these steps
See Recording Video on a Computer and Adding to Bb Learn -- aka Screen Record
Look for a large text box when replying to a Discussion Board post
INSTRUCTORS ONLY:
If not posting to a Discussion Board, first add or edit some content in your Bb Learn course section, such as an Item.
For how, see Bb Learn Content Areas -- Adding and Editing Items or Folders
After that...
Most any text box in any Bb Learn content tool or assignment appears & behaves pretty much like what we show below for a DB post
Click  the three dots ""..."" button on the right of the toolbar if it only has 1 row of icons
Click the plus sign ""+"" button to add content

Click the ""Kaltura Media submission"" option

Click ""+ Add New"" button
Select ""Media Upload"" option on the dropdown

Or... click ""Express Capture"" to record video (webcam and audio, no screen recording).
Or... if you already uploaded a video, click ""Select.""

Check box to agree to ""terms and conditions""

Drag and drop a file to area shown (scroll down) or click the ""Choose a file to upload"" button
Re-name file and add description if you want to
Click ""</> Save and Embed"" button 
If prompted, click ""Yes, please"" button to confirm media submission
Add/edit Subject
Add words in Message area
Click ""Submit"" button
Posting to an Assignment in Bb Learn
Submitting an assignment? Scroll down to next section.
You need to record a video first.
If you need options for how do to that,
see Recording Video on a Computer and Adding to Bb Learn -- aka Screen Record
Click the link to submit an assignment in Bb Learn.
Click ""Write Submission"" button.
If the text box only has 1 row of icons at the top,
click the ... on the far right to expand the toolbars.
The click the circled plus or (+) sign.

Click ""Kaltura Media Submission.""
Click ""+Add New.""
Click ""Media Upload"" to upload video.
Or... click ""Express Capture"" to record video (webcam and audio, no screen recording).
Or... click ""Select"" next to a video (to use an uploaded video).

Check box to agree to ""terms and conditions.""
Drag and drop a file to area shown (scroll down),
or click ""Choose a file to upload.""
Then follow on-screen instructions.
Alt Option for Posting Kaltura or Drexel Streams Videos
If the above does not work,
you can make a Kaltura or Drexel Streams video you uploaded
Unlisted, so anyone with the link can play it.
You do not just copy/paste the link at the top of the web browser's web address bar, though.
For more, see:
Sharing Kaltura Audio or Video with Non-Drexel Users or Anyone
The above is also a great option if you wish to share the link outside of Bb Learn
for something related to Drexel classes, research, or freshman or senior design.
Problems Uploading
Try again.
Sometimes Kaltura or Drexel Streams has flukes.
Also, close/re-open your web browser.
Or try a different web browser.
If the video is said to be incompatible or too large,
Handbrake has been the free go-to for a long time to quickly solve those issues.
See Handbrake -- Smaller Video File Size or Converting Video
3 Ways to See Uploaded Kaltura or Drexel Streams Videos
Visit https://drexel.edu/it/streams , and login.
Visit Bb Learn at https://learn.dcollege.net ,
and click Sign In Standard > Tools (in left navigation panel) > Kaltura My Media.
Visit DrexelOne at https://one.drexel.edu ,
login, click ""CAMPUS+COMMUNITY"",
scroll down to ""Drexel Streams.""
Instructors - Allow Students to Download Video
A work-around solution.
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Allow Downloads
Upload Videos to Drexel Streams without Sharing
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Uploading Directly & Making Playable by Anyone with Link"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Camtasia
Introduction
Camtasia is a fairly powerful option for editing video and audio all Drexel faculty, active adjuncts, and staff and highly recommended. Students cannot get a license for Camtasia.
You can screen record from your computer while capturing audio and webcam video with it, and it has a number of features.
Instructional Video
https://1513041.mediaspace.kaltura.com/media/Camtasia+Overview+Video/1_klsxhcpi
Getting a Camtasia License
If you would like to get the latest version of Camtasia or upgrade your existing version, you will need to attend an online training session with DU IT (formerly Drexel IRT).
Online Camtasia training involves reviewing 10 videos online and 1 document and taking the Camtasia Proficiency Quiz, which will make you eligible for having DU IT set-up a new Camtasia license on your computer.
The DU IT training videos and document, and the Camtasia Proficiency Quiz, are all available at the webpage below.
http://drexel.edu/it/services/workshops/web-based/cam-cross-platform/
NOTE: If you import a video clip into Camtasia, Camtasia now auto-adjusts audio levels. The original clip file’s audio levels remain unchanged.
I Want A Camtasia License NOW!
Visit the website below, skip down to & click to expand ""Module 11,"" and take the quiz. You need an 80% or 85% or so to pass. You can retake the quiz if you get a lower score. Once you pass, itg@drexel.edu will send you an email to set-up a license on your computer and within Self Service or Software Center. You have to pass the quiz, but once you do, if you are in a hurry, email itg@drexel.edu in a separate email, and let them know. Also, try calling 215-895-1224 and leave a message, and ask for a pro staff member to contact you soon and get this added.
Camtasia Quiz is in Module 11 at link below. Click to expand Module 11.
https://drexel.edu/it/services/workshops/web-based/cam-cross-platform/
Adding Video and Audio Files to Bb Learn -- Instructors Only
Instructors and course assistants can add video or audio to Bb Learn. See the webpage below for instructions.
Adding Media to Bb Learn via Kaltura or Drexel Streams
Captioning
Providing captioning for videos you create is highly recommended. The following webpage will provide instructions for automatically generating captions.
Captions
Get Quizzes in Camtasia into Kaltura Drexel Streams and Bb Learn
Note: We do NOT current recommend adding Quizzes in Camtasia. It's possible, but clunky and error-prone.
Upload the video to Kaltura Drexel Streams & then add the quiz to the video in Kaltura Drexel Streams
Not Recommended: Camtasia -- Quizzes and Importing into Bb Learn
Recommended: Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Quizzes in Videos"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
mac OS Cmd-Shift-5 screen recorder
https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT208721#mojave
Mac only. Edit in QuickTime above.
IMPORTANT:
Include 5 seconds or so of extra recording at start & end. Sometimes gets cut off.
Do a test recording of 10-20 seconds first!
Or use Kaltura Drexel Streams to Add Videos to Bb Learn Course Sections. Otherwise, you greatly slowdown Bb Learn for everyone.
Do not use this option with VoiceThread.
Adding Media to Bb Learn via Kaltura or Drexel Streams"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Page not found
Sorry, this page could not be found."
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Express Capture
Express Capture -- An Option if No Screen Recording is Needed
Once you have a video finished.
Visit DrexelOne at https://one.drexel.edu
and login (if you haven't already).
Click ""CAMPUS+COMMUNITY.""
Scroll down, and look in lower right for ""Drexel Streams"" and click that link.
If you already uploaded your video, click ""+ ADD NEW,"" and click ""Express Capture""
Disable any ad blocking or privacy enhancing software. 
Allow your microphone and camera to be used.
Press the red record circle/button, and recording starts in 3 seconds.
Press the small white stop square to stop recording.
Recording auto-plays. Press pause || sign to pause. (If not playback, allow playback in browser if browser disables that automatically. Look in address bar of browser for icon to toggle.)
Either press button to ""Download a Copy"" or press ""Use This"" to upload to Kaltrua or Drexel Streams.
If you pressed ""Use This,"" video uploads, but you can scroll down and add title, description, and tag metadata, and if you want to share the video publicly, set it to ""Unlisted."" Then ""Save"" your changes. Video will take some time to process before it's available for playback. Click ""Go to Media"" for more options for video, or click ""Go to My Media"" or ""My Media"" to see your other videos.
See the webpage below for how to add your recording to Bb Learn
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Adding Media to Bb Learn
Captions -- Auto-Generated
Captions"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Allow Downloads
Introduction & Notes
In order to allow downloads in a Bb Learn course section, you have to copy/paste in an ""Unlisted"" direct link to a Kaltura Drexel Streams video, and anyone with the link can play or download the video.
Downloading Drexel Streams or Kaltura video is NOT necessary, generally.
You can play Drexel Streams or Kaltura videos fine in your web browser.
If you are not the creator/owner of the video, downloading a video is complicated.
Downloading video is not necessary for submitting assignments, generally.
Few instructors need it. A few may want it, and will tell you that, but very, very, very few will actually need it.
Recordings cannot be downloaded from an embedded player window in Bb Learn.
Links to the video on the Drexel Streams website can allow downloads.
Downloading
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Downloading
Allow Downloads
Find & click your video under ""My Media"" in Kaltura Drexel Streams.
https://drexel.edu/it/streams
or...
https://1513041.mediaspace.kaltura.com/
Scroll down. Click ""ACTIONS"" > ""Edit"" > ""Downloads"" > ""Source"" checkbox > ""Save.""
Click ""Go to Media"" to return to normal view of video.
Scroll down. Click ""ACTIONS"" > ""Publish"" >  ""Unlisted"" > ""Save.""
The video will be viewable by anyone with the link.
No Drexel login required.

If you want people to login to see the video (otherwise go to next step):
you need to create a channel (just once) that only people with Drexel accounts can access in Kaltura Drexel Streams.
Here's how:
Scroll up & click your name in the upper right. Click ""My Channels."" Enter ""Drexel CCI Videos"" for ""Name (Required)."" Scroll down to ""Privacy"" & select ""Restricted."" Click ""Save.""
Go back to the video. 
Now, for this and any future videos you want in this channel:
click ""ACTIONS"" > ""Publish"" >  ""Public"" > check ""Drexel CCI Videos"" > ""Save.""

Click ""Share"" (under the video).
Copy/paste the link to the video into your Bb Learn course section,
or where you wish to share this video.
The video can be viewed by anyone with the the link.
More Info
The methods we offer above are easiest to implement.
Another method is to host your videos within your OneDrive folder and setting the share option so anyone can download the videos who has the share link for the OneDrive folder. Or limit the share to anyone at Drexel. Link below explains how to do this.
Office 365 -- OneDrive Sharing Files and Folders
You could also create your own Kaltura Drexel Streams channels and manage user enrollment for them, but that is a lot of extra work for what might be very little result.
If you want to try one of these other methods:
To share the video in Kaltura Drexel Streams, you may also want to look making someone a co-viewer, co-editor, or co-publisher. They need to find the video in Kaltura Drexel Streams under ""My Media"" once you do this.
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Make Others Co-Editors, Co-Publishers, or Co-Viewers of Videos
Or look into making and configuring user enrollment in Kaltura Drexel Streams Channels.
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Channels"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Zoom -- Host and Co-Host Controls
Tagged with: zoom
See https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us/articles/201362603-Host-and-co-host-controls-in-a-meeting"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Zoom -- Remote Access to Windows or Mac Computer
Need to See Android or iPad or iPhone Screen?
See iPad, iPhone, iOS, or Android Screen Share
For Windows or Mac Computer, do the following:
Login to https://drexel.zoom.us on your computer.
Use icommonscrc or your own account.
Host Zoom meeting with NO video.
Close box to ""Join Audio.""
Talk to end user on the phone.
Note meeting ID # at top of Zoom meeting.
Have end user go to the following URL.
http://zoom.us
They click ""JOIN A MEETING.""
They enter Meeting ID #, and click ""Join.""
They install/open Zoom, if prompted.
They close the ""Join with Computer Audio"" window.
And click ""Continue"" to confirm that choice.
They click ""Share"" at bottom.
Then click ""Share"" again.
Have them move mouse over Zoom window if no ""Share"" button appears.
You should see their screen now.
When finished with meeting with the end user,
end the meeting ""for all"" on your end.
Do you need to control their computer?
They move mouse over green tab. A Toolbar appears to them.
They tap Remote Control.
They choose your name or icommoncrc,
and ""Give Mouse/Keyboard control to.""
When finished with end user,
end the meeting ""for all"" on your end."
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Zoom
Tagged with: zoom
Scheduling Zoom Meetings
Zoom -- Scheduling
Quick Test of Zoom Before First Real Use
For Drexel students, staff, faculty, who want to try Zoom out before first real use.
Zoom -- Quick Test Before First Real Use
Joining a Zoom Meeting
Zoom -- Joining a Zoom Meeting
Hosting a Drexel Zoom Meeting
Zoom -- Hosting a Drexel Zoom Meeting
Recording a Zoom Meeting
Zoom -- Recording
Managing Users, Security, and Privacy
Zoom -- Managing Users, Privacy, and Security Measures
Zoom Troubleshooting
Zoom Troubleshooting -- Crash, Audio, Artifact, Lag, Freeze, More
Zoom Video Tutorials
https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us/articles/206618765-Zoom-Video-Tutorials

Zoom Recordings
Zoom -- Missing or Lost or Deleted Zoom Recordings
Echo Occurring?
Everyone in the same physical room as the host user should *mute their computer microphones and computer speaker volume.*
The host user is the exception. The host user should NOT mute their computer microphone and computer speakers UNLESS the host use is using a phone or speakerphone for audio. 
If the host user is using a phone or speakerphone for audio, then the host indeed should mute their computer microphone and computer speakers.
Screen Freeze or Lag? Delayed Audio?
Have all participants mute their audio and/or shut down their video when they are not using it.
All participants should close any open applications or browser tabs or windows they are not using during the meeting.
   (a) Closing non-essential apps in the lower right (System Tray) in Windows or upper right (Menu Bar) in Mac could help as well.
Deleted a Scheduled Meeting or a Recording
Zoom -- Recover Deleted Meeting or Recording
Invalid Meeting ID or Invalid Meeting Number Error
Zoom -- Invalid Meeting ID or Invalid Meeting Number
General Tips
Try the above tips *FIRST,* and only do the ones below if the issues persist.
Screen sharing or application sharing of very high resolution or 4K displays can sometimes be a factor.
Ask presenters to change their display resolution to something closer to 1920x1080 (which is still HD).
Participants on their own personal WiFi or other network might to try shutting down any other devices on their personal WiFi network to increase the overall available bandwidth.
Do not use https://zoom.us for Drexel Zoom.
Use https://drexel.zoom.us for Drexel Zoom.
Only host 1 meeting at a time on your own account.
Drexel Zoom meetings can be schedule to last as long as 24 hours long, if need be.
Zoom meetings recorded to the cloud are captioned and transcribed automatically and available to those who attend.
The captioning and transcript are not good enough for students or instructors who need special accommodations.
International participants can use Zoom to hear and be heard for free through their computer.
International phone rates apply if the phone is used for audio.
Advanced Instructions
Zoom -- Advanced Instructions
Other Useful Links
Zoom Accessibility
Zoom -- Remote Access to Windows or Mac Computer
Adding Pronouns to Your Zoom Profile
Zoom Updating or Updates
Discover the newest features in Zoom
Zoom to a specific area in a PowerPoint presentation
PowerPoint Presenter View in Zoom Screenshare
Zoom -- Host and Co-Host Controls
Zoom Shortcut Keys and a Fix for Mystery Muting and Pause/Resume in Zoom Mtgs
Leave Computer Audio in Zoom"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Discover the newest features in Zoom
Tagged with: zoom
Discover the newest features in Zoom
Release notes"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Changing Names in Zoom
Instructions
Click ""Participants"" icon to open ""Participants"" right nav panel.

Hover over your name in the ""Participants"" panel.
Click ""More"" > ""Rename.""

Enter your new name, and click ""Rename.""

Note: Additionally, always make sure you are using https://drexel.zoom.us
and in the installed Zoom app that you are signed in with your Drexel username and password,
using the SSO or Sign in with SSO option.
You should NOT use personal Zoom for Drexel business or Drexel teaching or Drexel research.
Permanently Change Your Name in Zoom
Names in Zoom when logged into Drexel Zoo Pro accounts are tied to your official name for all of your Drexel accounts.
If you want your name to appear as something else,
it should still appear as your official name for all of your Drexel accounts,
but you can fix errors with your official name by contacting accounts@drexel.edu
If your Drexel Zoom name does not match your Drexel official name,
email zoomadmin@drexel.edu"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Zoom -- Login or Registration or Redirect Issues
Try SSO Sign-In Instructions for Zoom First
Zoom -- SSO Single Sign-On and Host Sign-In
Written Instructions
Basically, you want to make sure you are signed into the Zoom application installed on your computer. And signed out of the wrong zoom website in your web browser. This can fix many login issues, and will let you login with your Drexel Account after clicking a Zoom meeting link. If you scheduled/created the Zoom link, you will be the Host.
Here's how:
Without clicking a Zoom link,
open the Zoom program or application.
Mac: Look in your Applications folder in Finder or Spotlight Search.
Windows: Look in the Start menu.
Cannot find Zoom?:
Zoom may not be installed. Go to https://drexel.zoom.us > ""Sign In Standard"" > login to Drexel Connect > ""Host a Meeting"" (video on or off) > download/install > open/run Zoom or zoom .us.
Click ""zoom .us"" menu
Click ""Sign In.""
Or click ""File"" > ""Sign in.""
Click ""Sign Out"" if signed in already!
Then repeat step #3 above.
Click “SSO Sign in with SSO” or “Sign In with SSO.""
Type in “drexel” (without quotes) next to “. zoom. us”. And click “Continue.”If prompted & if your web browser opens to the Drexel Connect webpage, sign in with your Drexel userid and password.
Click ""Open link.""
Or click “Open zoom .us""
Or click ""Open Zoom"" or similar.
If prompted & if your web browser opens to the Drexel Connect webpage,
sign in with your Drexel userid and password.
Now, quit the Zoom application.
But do *not* sign out in the Zoom application.
You can sign out of Zoom in your web browser if you wish now.
Just not the Zoom application itself.
To sign out of Zoom in a web browser (if you wish):
Click “Drexel University Zoom” > “Sign In Standard” > person icon in upper right > “SIGN OUT”.
No need to click “DISCONNECT” unless you want to sign out of all standard Drexel websites.
Now, if you click a Zoom meeting link that you created/scheduled, you will enter as a Host.
And for other Zoom meetings links, you will enter with your Drexel Account.
Need Different Password?
If Zoom Asks for a Password or Login
Video Instructions for SSO Sign-In on Drexel Zoom
https://1513041.mediaspace.kaltura.com/media/Zoom+--+Signing+into+the+Zoom+App+with+your+Drexel+Login+using+SSO/1_si5nvwhb
We don't cover signing out of https://zoom.us first above, but we do recommend that still."
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
echo360 -- Downloading Lecture Recordings
Instructions
Get to your Echo360 recordings in your Bb Learn course section, click “echo360 Class Recordings” in left navigation panel in Bb Learn course section.

Click “Access echo360 Class Recordings for INFO-634-001/900-XLIST-201925”.
Italicized course number be different for you.

In the row of the date of the recording:

Click the green or gray arrow button.
Scroll down if necessary.
Click ""Download original.
Choose to download either (a) the computer display video with audio, (b) the room video with audio, or (c) audio only.
Click resolution (standard definition is SD, high definition is HD).
Click ""Download.""
Download and save the media file to your computer


Re-Use of Recordings After Current Quarter -- for Instructors Only
Echo360 recordings do not copy between Bb Learn course sections when Bb Learn Admins like Mike Galloway copy course materials.
But you can download the recordings and use Kaltura Drexel Streams to upload the recordings again to your next quarter's Bb Learn course section (when it's available to you).
Once you add any video using Kaltura Drexel Streams, the videos do then copy over during course copy. So you won't have to add them again.
See above for how to download recordings from Bb Learn
Here is how to add video to a Bb Learn course section using Kaltura Drexel Streams
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Kaltura Capture
Troubleshooting
Cannot see the ""Download original"" option or ""Download"" button shown above?
Try using the scrollbar on the right, if one is present. If multiple scrollbars, try both.
Another thing to try is to put 2 fingers on your touchpad without clicking it and swipe up or down.
If neither solution works, click Start > Settings > System > Display. Scroll down to “Scale and layout.” Change the drop-down menu option to 75% or 50% or try some options that are 100%. Click “Keep” or “OK” to retain your changes. You can change them back later. Go to Echo360 now, refresh the webpage, and try again. If this work, repeat the first part of the instructions in this paragraph, but this time, change the drop-down menu back to 100% or whatever you preferred level is.
If that doesn’t work, click Start > Settings > System > Display. Scroll down to “Resolution.” Try some of the higher (bigger number) resolution options, if any are available. Click “Keep” or “OK” to retain your changes. You can change them back later. Go to Echo360 now, refresh the webpage, and try again. If this work, repeat the first part of the instructions in this paragraph, but this time, change the drop-down menu back to 100% or whatever you preferred level is.
More problems downloading a lecture recording?
Try logging out of Bb Learn, closing your internet browser completely, waiting 20 seconds, then re-opening your internet browser, logging again to Bb Learn at https://dcollege.learn.net, and trying to download the recording again.
If that doesn’t work, try a different internet browser.
And be sure there are no hidden window prompts behind any open windows you have that are waiting for a response or click from you.
Hidden window prompts might not appear as a clickable square icon in your bottom taskbar in Windows or bottom dock on a Mac.
If none of that helps, contact us using the information below."
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Zoom -- Joining a Zoom Meeting
Recommended Prep Before Joining Drexel Zoom Meeting
Only once per computer. Do this before you join a Zoom meeting.
Follow instructions at this webpage below.  
Zoom -- SSO Single Sign-On and Host Sign-In
Once you do the above, when you click a Zoom meeting link you created, you will enter as a Host.
And for other Zoom meetings links, you will enter with your Drexel Account.
Joining a Zoom Meeting - Video
https://youtu.be/hIkCmbvAHQQ
YouTube video
Joining a Zoom Meeting - Text
Students/Participants:
Click Zoom meeting link,
Link may be given to you by instructor, listed in Bb Learn course section, sent to you in email, or calendar invite, Slack, Discord, etc.
Hosts:
Sign in to https://drexel.zoom.us with Drexel userid & password.
Then click ""Join meeting.""
Open link with Zoom or https://drexel.zoom.us if prompted.
Or...
Download, open, & install the Zoom program, when prompted.
Enter name and email (if prompted).
Sign in to Drexel Connect screen, if prompted.
In the meeting, click “Join With Computer Audio.”
If Zoom Asks for a Password or Login
Zoom -- If Zoom Asks for a Password or Login
Login Issues -- or Redirect Issues
Visit the following link...
if you have login issues & are Drexel student, instructor, staff member, or faculty member
or...
if you are redirected to zoom.us from drexel.zoom.us.
Zoom -- Login or Registration or Redirect Issues
Audio Problems? Or Join by Telephone?
Zoom -- Audio Issues and Joining by Telephone
Yes, you can use Zoom if you just want a telephone-only conference call.
Covered at link above. 
Share Your Computer Display
https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us/articles/201362153-How-Do-I-Share-My-Screen-
Playing a video in Zoom?
Check ""Share computer sound"" checkbox right when you start sharing your screen.
Screen-share Shortcut
Alt + S
This shortcut allows the user to screen-share without having to find the share button
Using Zoom on Android or iPad or iPhone
Zoom -- Use on Android and iPad, iPhone, or iOS
System Requirements
Zoom -- System Requirements and If No Webcam or Microphone
Tips and Basic Troubleshooting
Zoom Troubleshooting -- Crash, Audio, Artifact, Lag, Freeze, More
Zoom Video Tutorials
https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us/articles/206618765-Zoom-Video-Tutorials
Echo Occurring?
Everyone in the same physical room as the host user should 
*mute their computer microphones and computer speaker volume.*
The host user is the exception.
The host user should NOT mute their computer microphone
and computer speakers UNLESS the host use is using a phone or speakerphone for audio.
If the host user is using a phone or speakerphone for audio,
then the host indeed should mute their computer microphone and computer speakers.
Screen Freeze or Lag? Delayed Audio?
Have all participants mute their audio
and/or shut down their video when they are not using it.
All participants should close any open applications or browser tabs
or windows they are not using during the meeting.
Closing non-essential apps
in the lower right (System Tray) in Windows
or
upper right (Menu Bar) in Mac could help as well.
Delete a Scheduled Meeting or a Recording
Zoom -- Recover Deleted Meeting or Recording
CCI Zoom Virtual Background
CCI Zoom Virtual Background
Changing Your Name in Zoom
Changing Names in Zoom
Additional Helpful Info -- Drexel VCAP's page on Zoom
https://drexel0.sharepoint.com/sites/IT-VCaPBlog/SitePages/Zoom.aspx"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Kaltura Drexel Streams
Start Here
Adding Media to Bb Learn via Kaltura or Drexel Streams
Other Pages
Kaltura Drexel Streams FAQ
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Analytics
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Adding Media to Bb Learn -- Student Instructions
Embed Kaltura Audio or Video in Any Bb Learn Text Box
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Let Others Download Videos
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Uploading Directly & Making Playable by Anyone with Link
Adding Kaltura Audio or Video to a Content Area -- Instructors Only
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Allow Downloads
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Analytics
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Captions
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Channels
Edit Video or Video Settings in Kaltura Drexel Streams
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Express Capture
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Finding Your Kaltura Audio or Video After It Is Uploaded
Kaltura Capture
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Make Others Co-Editors, Co-Publishers, or Co-Viewers of Videos
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- No Full-Screen in Firefox in Blackboard (Bb) Learn
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Quizzes in Videos
Sharing Kaltura Audio or Video with Non-Drexel Users or Share with Anyone
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Thumbnail Setting, or Setting Image Shown Before Video Is Played"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Sharing files via Microsoft Teams with Non-Drexel Email
Open Microsoft Teams and navigate to the team you want to share files with outside the organization.



Click on the Files Tab within the Team site.



Click on open in SharePoint.



Either create a new folder, or select an existing folder you want to share and click the share button. 



Click on “People you specify can edit” to bring up more sharing options.



Chose to “Share with Specific People” and choses wither or not you want them to have edit or read only access. 



Add the email address of the people you want to share the folder with 



Those recipients will receive an email similar to this with an “open” button.



Once the recipient uses the open link, the SharePoint site will present a box for a code to be entered that verifies the recipient of the email is the person accessing the files.   



After clicking the send code button, the recipient will receive another email with the code.



Enter the Code and click Verify to gain access to the files.



From here the user is all set and can access and interact with the folder you have shared with them from your teams’ site via SharePoint. "
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Zoom -- Claim Host Role during a Meeting
If you are not logging in as a host, and instead first clicking a link to join Zoom as a participant, and then want to become a host, here's what to do.
Click ""Participants"" at bottom of Zoom.

Click ""Claim Host""

Click ""Login to Claim Host.""
Click ""SSO Login with SSO.""

Enter ""drexel"" (no quotes) next to ""zoom.us.""
Then click ""Continue.""
You are now the ""host"" (and can record the meeting).
And ""Host"" now appears next to your name in the ""Participants panel."
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Zoom -- Recover Deleted Meeting or Recording
Deleted the Wrong Scheduled Meeting
On ""Meetings"" page in Zoom at https://drexel.zoom.us , click ""Recently Deleted"" in upper right, and click ""Recover"" next to deleted meeting.
You have up to 7 days to recover a deleted scheduled meeting. Then the scheduled meeting is permanently gone.
Deleted a Recording
On ""Recordings"" page in Zoom at https://drexel.zoom.us , click ""trash"" in upper right (""Settings""), and click ""Recover"" next to deleted recording.
You have up to 30 days to recover a deleted recording. Then the recording is permanently gone."
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Analytics
Stats with Analytics are Problematic
If you really want to track who watched a video, we recommend using a Kaltura Quiz, if only to have a single quiz question not more than 20 seconds before the end of the video, where a student or others confirms they watched it.
To create a Kaltura Quiz, see:
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Quizzes in Videos
Even if you ask students to disable ad blocking, privacy enhancing, fingerprint spoofing, or script disrupting plug-ins, add-ons, extensions, or built-in functionality, we've had too many instances of not being able to tell if a student completely watched a video or not.
Kaltura Quizzes on the other hand are entirely dependable.
ALSO, if you need to know through analytics the userid of a student or someone,
they need to access the video through a Bb Learn course section at https://learn.dcollege.net
or after signing into Kaltura Drexel Streams at:
https://drexel.edu/it/streams/
or...
https://1513041.mediaspace.kaltura.com/
Accessing Analytics
Find & click your video under ""My Media"" in Kaltura Drexel Streams.

Either visit https://drexel.edu/it/streams
...Or...
https://1513041.mediaspace.kaltura.com/
...Or...
=Login to Bb Learn at https://learn.dcollege.net, land on the ""Institution Page,"" click the ""Tools"" link in left navigation, click ""Kaltura My Media,"" and then click ""My Media.""

Scroll down to & click ""ACTIONS.""
Click ""Analytics.""
Review the provided analytics.
For user-specific information,
scroll down to & click ""View Engagement Per User"" link under video.
Click ""Back to media page""
in upper left in order to return to normal view of video.
Accessing Quiz Results
Find & click your video under ""My Media"" in Kaltura Drexel Streams.

Either visit https://drexel.edu/it/streams
...Or...
https://1513041.mediaspace.kaltura.com/
https://1513041.mediaspace.kaltura.com/

...Or...
Login to Bb Learn at https://learn.dcollege.net, land on the ""Institution Page,"" click the ""Tools"" link in left navigation, click ""Kaltura My Media,"" and then click ""My Media.""

Scroll down to & click ""ACTIONS.""
Click ""Analytics.""
Click ""Quiz Users"" tab/link.
Newer submissions or viewers are at the top usually,  BUT check through the last page or so of the log using the Fid command (Cmd + F or Ctrl + F) to find specific users, if necessary.
And if you don't find a specific user, then try the Accessing Analytics section above.
More Information on How to Interpret Analytics
https://knowledge.kaltura.com/help/kaltura-analytics


Troubleshooting Analytics
First, make sure when you run reports or look at the stats that you are actually looking at the stats for the current month or 2 you or time period you actually want to look at. Also, consider in the future using the quiz option to track students, rather than analytics. If you don't go with the quiz option, here's what you can send to students who claim they watched the video.
As a student, there are a couple things you can do on your end to help convince your TA or Instructor you watched the videos. None of these may prove you watched the video all the way through, but all/most combined may provide enough circumstantial evidence that you did. So do all of the suggestions below that you can.
We also have a page of suggestions for how to improve your home internet dependability, also included below, in case that was a factor.
First, visit Drexel Streams (Kaltura videos homepage for Drexel) at https://drexel.edu/it/streams and login. Click your name in the upper right. Then click ""My History."" Take a screenshot that shows the date and time you watched the one or more videos in question. This won't show you watched the videos all the way through or not, but it will confirm you clicked on them. If you're not sure how to take a screenshot, visit https://take-a-screenshot.org .
Second, visit the link below and explore your web browsing history. See if you can find not only the date/time you watched the Kaltura video in Bb Learn, and it might be an https://learn.dcollege.net link (the one where the video relies), and not a https://1513041.mediaspace.kaltura.com/ but look for instances of webpages containing both of those as the start of the URL or web address. Take screenshots. And see provide other webpage history dates/times to show you weren't going to other webpages. Use the basic photo editor built into your computer (Paint, Paint 3D, Preview) and the colored pen or marker or line or box tools to cover up webpage URLs you don't want the instructor to see (if any). You'll need to repeat this step for each video you feel you unfairly lost points on, and it will still be up to the instructor to decide if you get points or not. They do not have to give you points if they do not want to.

The following webpage may help with this. If not, Google how to find your web browser's history. Do NOT clear your cache or your history. https://www.wikihow.com/View-Browsing-History.

If you cannot find that you watched these videos in your viewing history, for future incidents like this, make sure you are not using Private or InPrivate or Incognito tabs. Make sure AdBlock or uBlock or Ghostery or other privacy enhancing extensions or add-ons are disabled. Allow cookies if you disallowed them. If you frequently clear your browsing history and cache, or use any of these other features or add-ons or extensions, you may not have the ability to find what you previously watched.

Send the screenshots you find to your TA or Instructor to make the case you watched one or more of these videos. 

Note:
It is completely your TA's or Instructor's decision whether to agree you watched a video or no. There's no backend record you or your instructor do not already have access to that will show you watched these videos. 
 Tips for more dependable WIFI or internet in your home.
https://support.cci.drexel.edu/cci-technology/quick-tech-troubleshooting-links-helping-end-users/wifi-internet-or-web-speed-issues-home-or-apartment/"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Zoom Shortcut Keys and a Fix for Mystery Muting and Pause/Resume in Zoom Mtgs
Zoom Has Shortcut Keys
Accidental entry of shortcut commands on the keyboard are the reason why your zoom meeting may accidentally mute or pause/resume recordings.
It's possible that the host/co-host may tap or hit one of these key combinations,
and you can accidentally mute/unmute yourself or the entire room (depending if you are the host or not).
You can also pause or resume recordings if you are the host.
Mac
Command(⌘)+Shift+A:
Mute/unmute audio
Command(⌘)+Control+M:
Mute audio for everyone except the host (only available to the host)
Command(⌘)+Control+U:
Unmute audio for everyone except host (only available to the host)
Space:
Push to talk
Command(⌘)+Shift+R:
Start local recording
Command(⌘)+Shift+C:
Start cloud recording
Command(⌘)+Shift+P:
Pause or resume recording
Windows
Alt+A:
Mute/unmute audio
Alt+M:
Mute/unmute audio for everyone except host
Note: For the meeting host only
Alt+R:
Start/stop local recording
Alt+C:
Start/stop cloud recording
Alt+P:
Pause or resume recording
More Zoom Key Combos
https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us/articles/205683899-hot-keys-and-keyboard-for-zoom"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
echo360 -- Accessing Lecture Recordings Outside of Bb Learn -- Students Only
Login to echo360 at https://echo360.org using your long form Drexel email address and your DrexelOne or Bb Learn password.
   (a) You will likely be provided your long form email address if these instructions are shared with you.
   (b) If you have login issues, see below for help.
            i.    Your login email address is going to be your long form Drexel email address.
                     1.  For example: Mike Galloway's long form Drexel email address is michael.j.galloway@drexel.edu. Yours may not include the middle initial and may include numbers.
            ii.   Your password is going to be your Bb Learn or DrexelOne password, unless you changed it in echo360
                     1.  If you forgot your password, or have password problems, click the ""Forgot your password?"" link on the https://echo360.org webpage.
            iii.  If you do not know your long form Drexel email address, here's how to find it.
                     1.  Method 1: Visit the Drexel Directory webpage below, and look your long form Drexel email address up using your name in last name, first name format for the search terms.
                             (a) http://drexel.edu/about/contact/
                     2.  Method 2:
                             (a) Login to Bb Learn at http://learn.drexel.edu using your DrexelOne username and password.
                             (b) Click your name in the upper right corner of the Bb Learn webpage.
                             (c) Click ""Settings, then ""Personal Information,"" then ""Edit Personal Information."" Copy your long form Drexel email address. Click ""Cancel.""
                             (d) Note that you cannot change your email address or password in Bb Learn.


Click ""DASHBOARD"" at the top left.

Click the ""Term"" drop-down menu, and select the appropriate term.

Click ""ALL CLASSES"" in the same row/area for whichever class's recordings you want to watch.

Click the date of the recording.

Click to allow/activate/run flash or other plugins (if prompted).

Close the ""Notes"" panel by clicking the X in the upper right.
If either the video or computer display video feeds are taking up the whole webpage, and you want a larger view of the other video feed, click the other video feed in the lower right-hand corner.
Computer display video feed is enlarged in screenshot below. In echo360, click the room video feed in lower-right hand corner to switch to that feed.

Room video feed is enlarged in screenshot below. In echo360, click the computer display video feed in lower-right hand corner to switch to that feed.

To exit the recording when finished:
   (a) Move mouse over the recording video window. Click menu icon in upper left. Click ""Exit Classroom.""
To log out of echo360:
   (a) Click your name in upper right. Click ""LOGOUT.""
Technical Issues?
See the following webpage if you encounter any technical issues.
Echo360 Troubleshooting Recording Playback Issues
Above link also helps with troubleshooting live video issues."
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
echo360 -- Advanced and Additional Topics
echo360 -- Accessing Lecture Recordings Outside of Bb Learn -- Instructors Only
echo360 -- Accessing Lecture Recordings Outside of Bb Learn -- Students Only
echo360 -- Attendance Unlikely to Be Affected by Recordings
echo360 -- Downloading Lecture Recordings
echo360 -- Downloading Lecture Recordings Outside of Bb Learn
echo360 -- INCLUDE
echo360 -- Interactive Features
echo360 -- Live Event Attendance Guide -- Not for Classes
echo360 -- OLD Documentation
echo360 -- Rebooting echo360 Devices in CCI Classrooms
echo360 -- Recordings Outside CCI Classrooms
echo360 -- Screen Recording from a Personal Computer
echo360 -- Sharing an Individual Class Recording -- for Instructors
echo360 -- Stats and Analytics"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
OBS Studio -- Live Streaming
ROUGH DRAFT!!!
Recommend doing just a recording first using OBS Studio. See the webpage below for instructions.
OBS Studio
If you use an external microphone, muting ""mic/aux"" is recommended to avoid echo effect in recording or streaming.
You may need to create and show a Live Video on a Page you manage for Facebook Live.
Go to ""Settings"" to adjust where videos are saved to, the format that they are saved in, and to set the live stream key and service (Facebook, YouTube).
You may want to create additional separate Google and Facebook accounts (use your own name) but with high privacy settings to do testing of Facebook Live and YouTube Live.
For Drexel CCI events, Mike Galloway will need to log you in to post on Facebook and YouTube.
https://obsproject.com/ (OBS Studio homepage and where you broadcast from)
Quick Start Doc on OBS
https://github.com/jp9000/obs-studio/wiki/OBS-Studio-Overview
Quick Start Doc on OBS Forum
https://obsproject.com/forum/resources/obs-studio-quickstart-guide.422/
Guide to the different input sources that you can use
https://github.com/jp9000/obs-studio/wiki/Sources-Guide
Facebook Live Help
https://obsproject.com/forum/resources/how-to-stream-to-facebook-live.391/
More Facebook Live Help (click ""Live Streaming"")
https://www.facebook.com/help/799185466881268/?helpref=hc_fnav
 YouTube Live Streaming Help
Note the links on the left that provide much more additional information.
https://support.google.com/youtube/answer/2474026?hl=en
OBS Resources Guides from Forums
https://obsproject.com/forum/resources/categories/guides-studio.8/"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Zoom -- Missing or Lost or Deleted Zoom Recordings
Instructions 
Login to https://drexel.zoom.us/, login if prompted.

Click ""Recordings"" in left nav.

Check under the ""Cloud Recordings"" tab first.
""Cloud Recordings"" in Drexel Zoom take 126 days to expire.
And then check the ""Local Recordings"" tab second.


Also, ""Cloud Recordings"" in Drexel Zoom are automatically backed up to Drexel Kaltura Streams at https://drexel.edu/it/streams Login if prompted
Click ""My Media."" Scroll or browse what is there.

If its old recording:
Go to your OneDrive at https://portal.office.com
and login,
and click the 9-dot-square icon in the upper left,
and click the ""OneDrive"" cloud icon.

If you still cant find the recording,
then contact zoom support zoomadmin@drexel.edu
They will able to assist to get the recording or help to retrieve it. "
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
echo360 -- Muting the Microphone during a Recording or Broadcast
See Classroom Technology -- Privacy & Audio Controls Check for Echo360 and Zoom in CCI Classroom -- Article Listing"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
echo360 -- Recordings Outside CCI Classrooms
Instructions for Personal Capture
Allows recording and editing from your Mac or Windows laptop. An instructor decides what course or section of theirs to publish to.
First, see the webpage below on how to login to echo360 directly.
echo360 -- Accessing Lecture Recordings Outside of Bb Learn -- Instructors Only
Then login directly to echo360 at http://echo360.org .
Then click the gear icon, click ""Downloads,"" choose to download ""Personal Capture,"" and download and install it.
For instructions on how to use ""Personal Capture,"" see the webpage below.
http://help.echo360.org/#t=Personal_Capture_Guides%2FPersonal_Capture_Guides.htm"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Video Assignments or Discussion Board Posts in Bb Learn
Introduction
Because Kaltura is embedded in Bb Learn, and available to students in Discussion Board posts or Assignment submissions in Bb Learn, it easily lends itself to creating assignments where you want students to record videos, and they can submit this using Discussion Board post replies or Assignment submissions.

Below is how to set this up for them, and a link to provide students to explain how they do the assignment.
Instructions using Discussion Board (Forums or Weeks)
Just have students embed videos they create into Discussion Board posts using the Kaltura tool,
or copy/pasting a link from a video they uploaded to Drexel Streams into a Discussion Board post.
You can set 1 or more Discussion Board forums on the Discussion Board page to be gradeable.
Use Grade by Forum when editing DB options.
You have to edit the options for each forum individually. :-(
If you are not sure how to create or edit a Discussion Board forum, in a Week or content area or otherwise, see:
Discussion Boards -- Creating, Modifying and Hiding Forums
Once you have a Discussion Board assignment created,
send the following instructions to your students,
and just direct them to use the Kaltura tool to post or reply there with their video.
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Adding Media to Bb Learn -- Student Instructions
They do NOT upload a file as an attachment directly to the post or in the reply!!!
They need to use the Kaltura tool, which is easily accessible here.
Instructions using Bb Learn Assignments
Just have students embed videos when they click the Bb Learn Assignment submission link.
They do NOT upload a file as an attachment directly to the post or in the reply!!! They need to use Kaltura.
Here's how to create or edit a Bb Learn Assignment:
Bb Learn Assignments -- Creating and Modifying Assignments
Once you have a Bb Learn assignment created,
send the following instructions to your students,
and just direct them to use the Kaltura tool to post or reply there with their video.
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Adding Media to Bb Learn -- Student Instructions
They do NOT upload a file as an attachment in their assignment submission!!!
They need to use the Kaltura tool, which is easily accessible here.
DU IT's Instructions - Kaltura using Bb Learn Assignments
DU IT's ""Submit a Video from Drexel Streams as an Assignment in Blackboard Learn""
https://drexel.edu/it/help/a-z/kaltura/tutorials/#SubmitBB"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Zoom not working and Troubleshooting
Basic Troubleshooting
Make sure webcam is not covered.
Uninstall Zoom completely from the computer Zoom isn't working on.
How to uninstall in Windows 10.
Download & install Zoom again.
Use the SSO or Single-sign on option to sign in.
Screenshare Shortcut Key
If someone cannot figure out how to screenshare, especially if you are trying to assist them, tell them to use the following shortcut key combination
Alt + S
Tell them to press and hold the Alt key. And then keep the Alt key held down, while they tap the S key once. Repeat these instructions slowy for a non-tech savvy user.
This shortcut allows the user to screen-share without having to find the share button
Echoes and Sound Artifacts
If possible, use a headset with a microphone, or AirPods or very good alternatives.
NO cheap bluetooth headphones with mics!
Your own external speakers play audio that the microphone picks up.
And others in the meeting could have the same thing going on.
It's a lot for echo cancellation to handle at times.
AirPods or headsets reduce what microphones pick-up, except for your own voice.
Everyone in the same physical room as the host user
should *mute their computer microphones and computer speaker volume.*

The host user is the exception.
The host user should NOT mute their computer microphone and computer speakers...
UNLESS the host use is using a phone or speakerphone for audio.
Then the host indeed should mute their computer microphone & computer speakers.
Zoom Lags or Freezes or Audio is Delayed
Try one or more of these suggestions.
All hosts, presenters, panelists, or participants:
mute your audio if you are not speaking much.
All hosts, presenters, panelists, or participants:
turn off your video, unless truly needed.
Instructors or others requiring video to appear may need to be flexible on that requirement.
If someone is screen sharing, have that person stop,
and adjust the resolution on their computer to 1920 x 1080p (or i) or below.
Then re-share screen.
Any scaling you choose is fine.
Close any open applications or browser tabs or windows not needed for the meeting.
Closing non-essential apps in the lower right (System Tray) in Windows,
or upper right (Menu Bar) in Mac, if you can.
Click the ^ in Windows (lower right) and right-click.
Close any messaging apps, Adobe apps, Microsoft apps not needed for this meeting.
Leave the Zoom meeting.
Update the Zoom app installed on your computer.
Re-enter the meeting.
Try updating Zoom. See link below.
Zoom Updating or Updates
Participants on their own personal WiFi network
might to try shutting down any other devices
on their personal WiFi network
to increase the overall available bandwidth.
Recovering a Deleted a Scheduled Meeting or a Recording
Zoom -- Recover Deleted Meeting or Recording
Invalid Meeting ID or Invalid Meeting Number Error
Zoom -- Invalid Meeting ID or Invalid Meeting Number
Zoom Crashes
Try one or more of these suggestions.
See what we suggest in the Zoom Lags or Freezes or Audio is Delayed section above.
If you are using another application, and Zoom is crashing:
uninstall/reinstall that application.
Use with OneNote has been an issue at times. Close OneNote.
Close and use less than 8 tabs in whatever web browser you have. 
Removing unknown or unused add-ons and extensions and clearing cache/history can help.
Link below has instructions.
Clear Browser Cache & History.
Do not use ""Gallery"" mode. It is resource intensive.
More info:
https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us/articles/201362323-Changing-the-video-layout-Active-Speaker-View-and-Gallery-View-
Uninstall & reinstall Zoom.
Reboot your device.
In the Zoom app, go to
Settings > Video Settings > Advanced.
Under ""Use hardware acceleration for"", uncheck ALL option.
If you still have problems after trying all the above,
try to change ""Video Rendering Method"" to ""Direct3D11.""
You may also want to Google this:
Best Zoom Video Rendering Method
and include the make, model, and/or OS of your computer in the search phrase.
If the above does not help, doing a more thorough update of drives, BIOS,
and such can help in Windows.
See link below.
Properly Update Windows 10 & Drivers in Windows 10
If nothing above helps, or you need other help with Drexel CCI classes or meetings, please reach out to ihelp@drexel.edu for further assistance."
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
CCI Faculty and Staff -- Work from Home
The following are information & how-to resources for Drexel CCI staff if they need to work from home.
If you need any assistance: 
For all general technical questions, email ihelp@drexel.edu .
For questions related to Blackboard (Bb) Learn, reach out instead to Mike Galloway, CCI Tech Svcs Mng, at mjg88@drexel.edu .
The above contacts are for Drexel College of Computing & Informatics (CCI) faculty, instructors, professional staff, and students ONLY!
Note: The left panel can be expanded for more resources. Also, some links on some pages when clicked will expand to show more resources on a webpage.
Check Telephone Voicemail Off-Campus
And other voicemail-related tasks.
CCI Faculty and Staff -- Work from Home -- Check Telephone Voicemail Off-Campus
Forwarding Telephone
CCI Faculty and Staff -- Work from Home -- Forwarding Telephone
VPN Set-up
Remotely connect to the Drexel network to access any online resources that only work on Drexel's network.
VPN
Access Drexel E-mail Off-Campus
If you need to check email from a personal computer. This is a secure way to do this.
Outlook -- Web or Internet Browser
Zoom and Bb Collaborate Ultra for Virtual Meetings and Classes
Zoom - Usable but less suited for use with Bb Learn course sections. Ideal for every other type of meeting.
Bb Collaborate Ultra - More suited for virtual meetings, office hours, and classes with Bb Learn course sections.
Need HIPAA compliant methods of meeting remotely or virtually?
Try Zoom HIPAA Private Mode.
See Zoom -- HIPAA Private Mode
ccirepo Shared and Personal File Server, Web Server, Web Page Access
ccirepo Shared and Personal File Server, Web Server, Web Page Access
Office 365 -- OneDrive
Office 365 -- OneDrive
Remote Desktop Access to Remote Computer
Drexel CCI Remote Desktop Access to Work Computer"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Joining a Zoom Meeting
See Zoom -- Joining a Zoom Meeting"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Capture
Tagged with: audio capture
Introduction
Great for voice-over PowerPoint presentations, Kaltura Capture lets you record anything you do on your computer screen as a video with audio. Kaltura Capture is an option within the Kaltura tool in Bb Learn, or within Drexel Streams. Once you stop the recording, you can easily upload to Bb Learn via the Kaltura tool.  Or to Drexel Streams, from which you can either upload to Bb Learn or share in other ways.
ExpressCapture is NOT the same thing as Kaltura Capture. You cannot screen record with ExpressCapture.
Advantage of Kaltura Capture?  The videos you make and upload to Kaltura or Drexel Streams and use in Bb Learn can allow viewers or students to make either the webcam video or the recorded screen video the larger or the more primary focus in the video at any time. 
Quick Instructions -- Bb Learn
Enter a Bb Learn course section at https://learn.drexel.edu . Click ""Courses."" Click your course.
Enter a ""Week"" or other content area in the Bb Learn course section.
Click ""Build Content"" > ""Kaltura Media"" > ""+Add Media"" > ""Kaltura Capture.""
Follow the on-screen instructions.
Alternative Quick Instructions -- Drexel Streams
Visit Drexel Streams at https://drexel.edu/it/streams .
Click ""+Add Media"" > ""Kaltura Capture.""
Follow the on-screen instructions.
To add to Bb Learn after recording & uploading to Drexel Streams:
Enter a Bb Learn course section at https://learn.drexel.edu . Click ""Courses."" Click your course.
Enter a ""Week"" or other content area in the Bb Learn course section.
Click ""Build Content"" > ""Kaltura Media"" > ""+Add Media"" 
Quick Troubleshooting
Kaltura Capture has been a memory HOG in the past. The issue has been reported and may be resolved on some OS's or browsers. 
However, you may want to close non-essential applications before using Kaltura Capture.
And disable any ad blockers or privacy enhancing web browser plug-ins or add-ons for the Bb Learn and Drexel Streams websites, if you use any.
Also, open the applications you need for your recording before you start recording. Outlook, for example, in the past would't open while Kaltura Capture was in use. It had to be opened previously.
And if you run into persistent issues, try the other alternatives below for making screen recordings.
Recording Video on a Computer and Adding to Bb Learn -- aka Screen Record
In-Depth Instructions
Login to Kaltura Drexel Streams at https://drexel.edu/it/streams 
On the Drexel Streams webpage, click ""ADD NEW,"" then ""Kaltura Capture.""
 
If prompted if it's okay to use KalturaCaptura to open this link, click ""Open KalturaCaptura,"" or ""OK"" or ""Yes.""

If you haven't used KalturaCapture yet on this computer, click the link below for help installing it.
Click either ""Download for Windows"" or ""Download for Mac,"" depending on whether you are on Windows or a Mac.

Install KalturaCapture as you normally install a Mac or Windows program.
If necessary, repeat steps 4 and 5 above
When the KalturaCapture control panel opens:
Set whether to record from your computer display, webcam, and/or microphone.
To set to record your computer display.
Make sure the computer display icon is blue (and NOT crossed out).
There are multiple images below.
Here, the computer display icon is blue, meaning your computer display will be recorded.

Here, the computer display icon is gray and crossed out, meaning your computer display will NOT be recorded.

Click ^ to select a different display to record from, if you have multiple monitors or a connected projector.

You can select a part of your screen to capture too. Click ""Select Area.""
You can select your screen capture size if you wish.
To set to record from your webcam.
Make sure the camera icon is blue (and NOT crossed out).
If you want, select another connected or built-in camera to record from, if available.
There are multiple images below.
Here, the camera icon is blue, meaning your webcam will record video.
Also, if you have 2 webcams connected, you can choose to record from the other webcam or camera.

Here, the camera icon is gray and crossed out, meaning your webcam will NOT record video.

Click ^ to select a different webcam, if another one is built-in or connected to your computer, to record from.
Monitors or projectors may appear as choices here too.

To set to record audio.
Make sure the microphone icon is blue (and NOT crossed out).
Also, check the audio level indicator under the microphone moves when you talk.
There are multiple images below.
Here, the microphone icon is blue, meaning audio will be recorded.
Check that the audio level indicator moves up and down (series of small ovals under the microphone icon) to make sure audio is being picked up.

Here, the microphone icon is gray and crossed out, meaning your computer display will NOT be recorded.

Click ^ to select a different microphone, if you have a different one connected or built-in, to record from.
Microphones can often appear as ""Unknown USB Audio Device.""

To record, click the red circle in the control panel.
 
3-second countdown starts immediately. Then you will be recording.
A mini control panel appears for pausing/stopping the recording.
 
This mini control panel does not appear in the screen recording.
 
Make your screen recording or voice-over PowerPoint or similar video.
Ignore errors that save low on disk space, but note that some applications may not run
Press the white square or stop icon to stop the recording.
 
You can then choose to ""Delete, Save and Upload, or Save the recording.
Just ""Save"" will save the recording to your computer locally. The recording cannot easily be placed elsewhere.
""Delete"" will delete/discard the recording.
(RECOMMENDED) ""Save and Upload"" will save and upload the recording Drexel Streams or Drexel's Kaltura, where you can add it to one or more Bb Learn course shells.
Add a title. Add a description is wish. Recommend adding tags that included the course this recording is for (if it's for a course), like CI-101, CS 283, INFO 400, etc.

See the webpage below for how to add your recording to Bb Learn
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Adding Media to Bb Learn
Express Capture -- An Option if No Screen Recording is Needed
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Express Capture
Captions -- Auto-Generated
Captions
Troubleshooting
Ignore errors that save low on disk space, but note that some applications may not run
If you run into some issue with uploading your recording, or with making your recording, using Kaltura Capture, here's how you often can find the recording video file or files stored locally on your own computer.
On a Mac:
Open up a Finder window (any window showing files or folders).
Click ""Go"" menu.
Click ""Connect to Server.""
Copy or type in the following in the ""Go to the folder"" window.
~/Library/Preferences/Kaltura/Capture/Recordings
Click ""Go.""
Look for your video recording.
C:\Users\[computer_username]\AppData\Local\Kaltura\Capture\Recordings\
Low Volume/Hard-to-hear Audio?
If you are having trouble hearing a professor due to low audio, or bad audio, one possible work-around solution to try is to download/install the Chrome web browser and install the ""Volume Master"" extension from the Chrome Web Store at the link below.
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/volume-master/jghecgabfgfdldnmbfkhmffcabddioke
We cannot find a similar link for Firefox as of yet. The above link has a good chance of working for other Chrome-based web browsers, such as the new Microsoft Edge and the Brave web browser, as well, which may be less resource intensive on your computer."
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Zoom -- Scheduling for Someone Else -- Recording Access
The original Host of the meeting, or person whose Zoom account was used to schedule the meeting, is the only one who can access and share the recordings.
And in this situation, we recommend Record to Cloud.
The original Host or above person is the ONLY one who can share the recording with others.
However, alternative hosts and those with scheduling privileges can get email notices that this recording is ready under the original Host's account.
Again, alternative hosts cannot actually access the recordings, nor can those with scheduling privileges on behalf of the original Host. Only the Host can access the recordings and actually share them.
But alternative hosts and those with scheduling privileges can get an email when that recording is ready under the original Host's account.
Here's how.
Have the original Host visit https://drexel.zoom.us and sign in.
Click Settings > Meeting [not Meetings] > Email Notifications.
Make sure ""When a cloud recording is available"" is switched on under ""Email Notification.""
Check either or both of the following, depending on who you want to get email notifications:
""Send a copy to the person who scheduled the meeting/webinar for the host.""
""Send a copy to the Alternative Hosts.""
2 screenshots provided below."
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Finding Your Kaltura Audio or Video After It Is Uploaded
There are 4 ways to see your upload Kaltura Drexel Streams videos.
Visit https://drexel.edu/it/streams , and login. Click ""My Media.""
Visit https://1513041.mediaspace.kaltura.com/ , and login. Click ""My Media.""
Visit Bb Learn at https://learn.dcollege.net , and click ""Sign In Standard"" > ""Tools"" (in left navigation panel) > ""Kaltura My Media.""
Visit DrexelOne at https://one.drexel.edu , login, click ""CAMPUS+COMMUNITY"", scroll down to ""Drexel Streams.""
If you are a Co-Editor, Co-Publisher, or Co-Viewer rather then the original uploader:
Steps #1 & #2 will likely work best.
And you may need to click ""Filters"" and choose 1 or more ""Ownership"" options.
For example: ""Media I Can Publish"" or ""Media I Can Edit."""
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
If Zoom Asks for a Password or Login
Try This First
Everyone at Drexel has a Zoom Pro account. Just visit https://drexel.zoom.us , and login with DrexelOne userid/email and password.
Open the Zoom application/program on your computer.
Not the link.
The Zoom application or program itself on your computer.
It’s with all your other applications/programs.
Look in Start menu or Windows menu in Windows for the Zoom app.
Look in Spotlight Search or Finder>Applications or Launchpad on Mac for the Zoom app.
With the Zoom app open on your computer:
Click your initials in the upper right (or your profile pic).
Sign out.
*Now* when you sign in, use the “SSO” or “Sign In with SSO” option.
Enter “drexel.zoom.us” or “drexel” in front of “zoom.us”, if prompted.
Click the Zoom link again.
If you *STILL* get a password prompt:
Look in the email or calendar event that has the Zoom link for a password.
Or ask the instructor or meeting host or contact person for the password.
Video Instructions
It can help if you follow the video instructions first.
https://1513041.mediaspace.kaltura.com/media/Zoom+--+Signing+into+the+Zoom+App+with+your+Drexel+Login+using+SSO/1_si5nvwhb
Written Instructions with Screenshots
Zoom asks for a password or login in 1 of 2 ways.
1st Way:
If Zoom ask for a password like image below:
Look in provided email, or in your Bb Learn course section if for a class.
Or ask instructor or meeting host or scheduler for password.
Proceed no further here.

2nd Way:
If Zoom asks for a password like image below,
then follow the 7-step instructions below.

Below are the 7-step instructions.
If this is after the meeting.
Click the original meeting link again after then meeting. It generally will work still.
Click ""Open Zoom Meetings."" Or ""Open zoom .us.""

Windows:


Mac:


Click ""Sign in to Join.""


Click ""Sign in with SSO.""
Or click ""SSO"" or ""SSO Sign in with SSO"" or the like.


Type in drexel next to "".zoom.us.""
And click ""Continue.""


Enter your Drexel USER ID and PASSWORD & then click CONNECT.


Make sure ""Zoom Meetings"" or ""zoom.us"" is selected.
Check box next to ""Remember my choice..""
Click ""Open Link.""

Windows:


Mac:


Click ""Join with Computer Audio."" You're in!"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Echo360 -- Analytics
Finding Analytics in Echo360
Click the ""Class Capture"" or ""echo360 Class Recordings"" link in the left-hand course menu in your Bb Learn course. This link is shown in the example screenshot below.



Click the ""Access echo360 Class Recordings"" link as shown in the screenshot below.



Now that you are on the echo360 website, click the green arrow for the video you would like to check.
Then scroll and select the ""Details"" link as shown in the screenshot below.



Now select the ""Analytics"" tab as shown in the screenshot below.



Here you should be able to see things like view, view time, and engagement. It should similar to the screenshot below."
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Zoom -- Leave Computer Audio
Introduction
When supporting events or using speakers, we often run the Zoom meeting from the Windows ""tiny PC"" in the conference room's or classroom's podium or lectern. 
Then we have the guest speaker join without audio. Why? So they don't have to connect anything for AV. 
But also...This allows other people in the room to present more easily from their own laptops (multiple-presenter scenario). Zoom meetings would otherwise require massive delays between each presentation, disconnecting one speaker's laptop and then connecting another. 
CCI Commons Student Assistants (SA's) will ask at the start of a presentation if anyone else needs to present and set them up in Zoom using these instructions. 
This page explains how to do this for both new Student Assistants & people running Zoom meetings themselves.
Instructions
There are *7* steps!
Open the Zoom browser or application & start a Zoom meeting.
When the meeting starts, a pop-up will prompt you about Computer Audio, click the 'X' icon or close the pop-up.
Windows 10/11 screenshot below.


Mac screenshot below.
  Another pop-up will ask if 'you want to continue without audio?' Select the 'Continue' button.
Next to the 'mute'/microphone icon on the bottom bar, click the '^' button.
Click the 'Leave Computer Audio' button on the list of settings after completing the previous step.  
 The bottom bar will have a 'Join Audio'/headphone icon appear. 

 Now you have successfully disconnected from your computer's audio on Zoom."
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Zoom -- Confirm Licensed Zoom Pro Login in Zoom App
The screenshot below shows where you can check to see if your are logged into Zoom Pro or a ""Licensed"" Zoom account in the Zoom app installed on your computer.
All faculty, instructors, staff, and students have access to Zoom Pro (licensed) account.
If you do not see something like the screenshot below, or are unsure how to get to the screenshot below, simply follow the ""Quick Instructions"" at the link below."
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Zoom -- Managing Users, Privacy, and Security Measures
Good Steps You Can Take to Be More Secure
There are several easy steps you can take, all optional, to increase privacy and security.
Enabling these features with a class or a large meeting will make it more difficult for students to enter.
Assign passwords in meetings with Drexel & non-Drexel people 
or require Drexel authentication if the meeting is all Drexel faculty/staff/students.
Drexel authentication means only Drexel Zoom account users can join.
Passwords allow Drexel & non-Drexel people to join the Zoom meeting, if they have the password.

Turn on Enable Waiting Room.
You will have to allow attendees in as they arrive.
Great for office hours.
Login to https://drexel.zoom.us > click ""Sign In Standard"" > ""Meetings"" >
""Schedule a Meeting"" > ""Waiting Room"" > ""Save.""

Turn off Join Before Host (if you are not using Waiting Room).
Login to https://drexel.zoom.us > click ""Sign In Standard"" > ""Meetings"" >
""Schedule a Meeting"" > ""Show"" next to ""Options"" at bottom >
uncheck ""Allow participants to join anytime"" > ""Save.""

Turn off Automatically Record to the Cloud.

For individual meetings:
Login to https://drexel.zoom.us > click ""Sign In Standard"" > ""Meetings"" >
""Schedule a Meeting"" > ""Show"" next to ""Options"" at bottom >
uncheck ""Automatically record meeting"" > ""Save.""

For all meetings:
Login to https://drexel.zoom.us > click ""Sign In Standard"" > ""Settings"" >
click toggle right/blue for ""Automatic Recordings.""

Restrict screen sharing to host.

Login to https://drexel.zoom.us > click ""Sign In Standard"" > ""Meetings"" >
search for ""Screen sharing"" > ""Host Only"" for both options > ""Save.""
Revert back later if needed for future meetings.

Do NOT use your ""Personal Room"" for most meetings. 
Just for meetings with co-workers of less than handful of people.

Direct Drexel students/staff/faculty to ensure they are logged in to Drexel Zoom Pro account.
Zoom -- SSO Single Sign-On and Host Sign-In
Other optional settings are at:
Login to https://drexel.zoom.us > click ""Sign In Standard"" > ""Meetings"" > ""Schedule a meeting.""
Click ""Save"" at bottom to save settings.

Login to https://drexel.zoom.us > click ""Sign In Standard"" > ""Meetings"" > ""Personal Room"" > ""Edit.""
Set settings for  your personal meeting id room.
Click ""Save"" at bottom to save settings.

Login to https://drexel.zoom.us > click ""Sign In Standard"" > ""Settings.""
Settings here are auto-saved instantly when changed.
Very Large Meetings -- Webinars
Zoom -- Webinars for Large Virtual Meetings or Talks or Lectures
Managing Users and Kicking Out Troublesome Participants
The following webpage explains how to manage participants, including removing participants.
https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us/articles/115005759423-Managing-participants-in-a-meeting
Ask your students to help identify troublemakers as well.
Lock the Zoom Meeting after 5-10 Minutes 
This is another highly recommended step, especially for classes.
Helpful Video
https://youtu.be/sOehb1M5XS8
To do this, when you are Host in a Zoom Meeting:
Click ""Manage Participants"" > ""More"" > ""Lock Meeting"".
OR SEE NEXT SECTION FOR EASIER WAY TO LOCK ROOMS.
Zoom Security Icon in Meeting

The Security icon lets you ""Lock Meeting"" and ""Enable Waiting Room,""
or control if students/participants can Share Screen, Chat, & Rename Themselves.
Update the Zoom Application
Mac:
Enter your Applications folder in Finder or Spotlight Search:
Click ""zoom .us"" menu in upper left.
Click ""Check for Updates.""
Windows:
Open the Start menu or Windows menu in lower left:
Click your initials or picture in upper right of Zoom.
Click ""Check for Updates.""
Additional instructions and help:
https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us/articles/201362233-Where-Do-I-Download-The-Latest-Version-
Think for 2 Seconds Before You Click That Zoom Link
Never click Zoom or other links if the email address or message, or links look at all strange.
ALL Drexel Zoom links should start with: 
https://drexel.zoom.us
**NOT*& https://zoom1.us or https://dr3xel.zoom.us , etc.
HIPAA Private Mode
If you need to be concerned about HIPAA.
Zoom -- HIPAA Private Mode"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
FlipGrid
There’s no college-wide or university-wide licensing with FlipGrid, or accounts for that, but FlipGrid is owned by Microsoft, so sign up with your Drexel account and it seems to just let you use it as a Instructor if you do so.
There are free educator accounts available to you if you use the “Sign up with Microsoft” and enter your Drexel usrerid (for example: mjg88@drexel.edu ).
https://auth.flipgrid.com/educator

Here’s the “Getting Started: Educators” webpage.
https://help.flipgrid.com/hc/en-us/articles/360051539934-Getting-Started-Educators
Here’s the “Getting Started: Students” webpage.
https://help.flipgrid.com/hc/en-us/articles/360051542894-Getting-Started-Students

Create a Group in FlipGrid.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zDAiknNJbNw&t=66s




More “Getting Started” help.
https://help.flipgrid.com/hc/en-us/sections/360009390954-Getting-Started
What is FlipGrid article from Tech Learning
https://www.techlearning.com/how-to/what-is-flipgrid-and-how-does-it-work-for-teachers-and-students
Teams integration


Topics



Adding audio/video"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Video Recording, Editing, and/or Adding to Bb Learn -- aka Screen Record
What is a Screen Recorder?
Screen recorders record your computer/laptop/mobile display, along with audio from when you speak. Webcam video optionally can be added as well. You can make voice-over PowerPoint presentation videos, or demos of whatever you want that is showing on your computer/laptop/mobile display.
Quick Tips:
Drexel CCI students can store (and are encouraged to store) videos for classes in Kaltura. To help create that video, screen recorders and editors provided below.
Zoom is a fine screen recorder: Hold a meeting with just yourself, and record to the cloud.
Kaltura’s screen recorder is awful (memory issues).
Kaltura does have limited editing abilities that can be useful, but extensive editing is not advised.
Other great free screen recording and editing options provided below.
Screen Recording Options
macOS's Shift+Command+5 keyboard shortcut
Excellent simple screen recorder 
mac OS Cmd-Shift-5 screen recorder
Mac only. 
Limited editing.
Use Kaltura Drexel Streams for long-term storage.
See Adding Media to Bb Learn via Kaltura or Drexel Streams
FlashBack Express Screen Recorder
Excellent simple screen recorder
FlashBack Express - Free Screen Recorder
No editing. 
Windows only.
Use Kaltura Drexel Streams for long-term storage.
See Adding Media to Bb Learn via Kaltura or Drexel Streams
Zoom
Zoom -- Recording
Use the popular video conferencing tool to just have a meeting by yourself (or with friends) & record your screen.
Windows/Mac/Linux. 
No REAL editing. Just adds skip points.
If you download the video or look at it in Kaltura or Drexel Streams, your edits in Zoom will be gone.
Use Kaltura Drexel Streams for long-term storage.
See Adding Media to Bb Learn via Kaltura or Drexel Streams
Bb Collaborate Ultra
Bb Collaborate Ultra
Windows/Mac/Linux. 
No editing.
Use the built-in Bb Learn video conferencing tool to just have a meeting by yourself (or with friends) and record your screen.
Current quarter recordings are stored within each Bb Learn course section.
Use Kaltura Drexel Streams for long-term storage.
See Adding Media to Bb Learn via Kaltura or Drexel Streams
Other Screen Recorders & Video Editors
In order of what we recommend for use.
Camtasia
Excellent screen recorder & excellent robust video editor
Camtasia
Windows/Mac. Screen records and edits.
Available to all Drexel faculty, active adjuncts, and staff. Not students.
Use Kaltura Drexel Streams for long-term storage.
See Adding Media to Bb Learn via Kaltura or Drexel Streams
Echo360
Excellent video storage solution. Video editor disabled
echo360 -- Uploading Video and Polling or Adding a Quiz
Very good video storage solution. Editing disabled.
Windows/Mac/Linux. 
Works through the web browser in Bb Learn.
Screen recording is possible as well. Contact ihelp@drexel.edu if you need that.
Kaltura Drexel Streams
Good video storage solution & decent simple video editor
Kaltura Drexel Streams
Video editor and storage is all we recommend. Not the screen recorder. 
Also, not recommended for extensive video edits, especially on large videos. Quick edits, especially on shorter videos, usually works fine. 
For quick edits, see Edit Video or Video Settings in Kaltura Drexel Streams.
Windows/Mac/Linux. Works through the web browser in Bb Learn or Drexel Streams site. Video storage solution.
Lightworks
Good video editor & screen recorder
Lightworks video editor
Windows/Mac/Linux. Edits video and screen records.
Use Kaltura Drexel Streams for long-term storage.
See Adding Media to Bb Learn via Kaltura or Drexel Streams
DaVinci Resolve
Excellent and very robust video editor
DaVinci Resolve Video Editor
Windows/Mac/Linux. 
Only edits video. Does NOT do screen recording.
Use Kaltura Drexel Streams for long-term storage.
See Adding Media to Bb Learn via Kaltura or Drexel Streams
OBS Studio
Excellent screen recorder & video recorder
OBS Studio
Windows/Mac. 
Screen recorder ONLY. 
Completely free. Intended for higher end video production or live video streaming. But very usable for individual screen recording.
Use Kaltura Drexel Streams for long-term storage.
See Adding Media to Bb Learn via Kaltura or Drexel Streams
VoiceThread
Video assignment tool. A lot of headaches in our experience.
VoiceThread
Windows/Mac/Linux. 
Works in a web browser within Bb Learn. 
Lets you make videos, and upload videos, but not the best option for screen recording. 
No video editing. 
ActivePresenter
Good screen recorder & good robust video editor.
ActivePresenter Screen Recorder
Windows/Mac. Screen records and edits. Free for personal and non-commercial use.
Use Kaltura Drexel Streams for long-term storage.
See Adding Media to Bb Learn via Kaltura or Drexel Streams
OpenShot
Good robust video editor.
OpenShot Video Editor
Windows/Mac/Linux, screen records and edits. Completely free.
Use Kaltura Drexel Streams for long-term storage.
See Adding Media to Bb Learn via Kaltura or Drexel Streams
macOS's QuickTime
Good screen recorder & good simple video editor,
QuickTime
Mac only. Limited Editing.
Use Kaltura Drexel Streams for long-term storage.
See Adding Media to Bb Learn via Kaltura or Drexel Streams
Also Available Options
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Kaltura Capture
Screen recorder tool.
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Express Capture 
Video recorder tool. Cannot screen record.
Windows 10 Game Bar -- Windows Only.
Built-in to Windows.
Screen Recorder only, and only records apps. 
Tough to record desktop.
https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/help/4027180/windows-10-record-a-game-clip-with-xbox-game-bar
More instructions: 
https://beta.support.xbox.com/help/friends-social-activity/share-socialize/record-game-clips-game-bar-windows-1
Screen Recording Options -- Mobile Devices
iPhone/iPad/iOS
Excellent built-in mobile screen recorder.
Record Screen on iPad, iPhone, or iOS Device
Record Screen on iPad, iPhone, or iOS Device -- Older Alternative Method
Android -- AZ Screen Recorder
Excellent mobile screen recorder
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.hecorat.screenrecorder.free&hl=en
No online help here, but let Mike Galloway know if you need assistance.
Note that the free version doesn't really let you record audio.
As of 6/20/16, a $3 upgrade paid from within the app will provide audio recording capability and additional features.
Editing? Limited.
Use Kaltura Drexel Streams for long-term storage.
See Adding Media to Bb Learn via Kaltura or Drexel Streams.
Android -- Built-In Screen Recorders
Android 11 Pixel and other phones, OnePlus 6-8+ & 6T-8T+ cellphones, and newer Samsung Galaxy Phones, have a built-in screen recorder option.
Swipe down 1-2 times from the top of your Android phone, once you unlock it with passcode or fingerprint or face id, and look for the screen recorder option. Swipe left or right for additional quick setting options.
Use Kaltura Drexel Streams for long-term storage.
See Adding Media to Bb Learn via Kaltura or Drexel Streams.
Reduce Video File Size? Convert Video?
Handbrake probably has you covered. It's free & open-source.
See Handbrake -- Smaller Video File Size or Converting Video
Adding Video and Audio Files to Bb Learn
Use Kaltura Drexel Streams for long-term storage.
See Adding Media to Bb Learn via Kaltura or Drexel Streams.
Audio Issues
Configure and test your microphone and speakers/headphones by visiting the webpage below, clicking “Mic Guides,” and selecting your operating system (OS).
http://www.onlinemictest.com/
If you don’t know your operating system, visit the webpage, below and look beneath where it says “YOUR WEB BROWSER IS:”
https://www.whatismybrowser.com/
If you’re still having problems with your microphone, you might want to contact ihelp@drexel.edu or 215-895-2480, which is the general technical assistance line for CCI.
Recording or Streaming Events for CCI
If you want live events for CCI recorded or streamed on Drexel Campus, or need to borrow equipment for such events, email ihelp@drexel.edu .
Last-minute and/or disorganized requests or plans for events are likely going to be problematic to record or stream, but we'll do what we can."
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Share Audio or Video with Non-Drexel Users or Sharing with Anyone
Introduction
Drexel Streams at https://drexel.edu/it/streams lets you modify the sharing permissions to Unlisted on videos you upload and quickly copy a link you can paste into emails or anywhere to share with others. Unlisted is much better than any Published video option for this, generally. You have to UPLOAD videos to Kaltura or Drexel Streams first. For how to do that, see: Adding Media to Bb Learn via Kaltura or Drexel Streams . This is ALSO a useful way of just copy/pasting in a usable link into discussion board posts & assignment submissions in Bb Learn.If not yourself, consult with the owner/creator of the audio or video before sharing the video with Non-Drexel Users.
Instructions
Login to Kaltura Drexel Streams at https://drexel.edu/it/streams
To upload a video:
Click ""+ADD NEW"" > ""Media Upload.""
Agree to terms and conditions.
Click ""+Choose a file to upload.""
Follow on-screen instructions.
Click ""My Media.""
Search for the Kaltura video you want to share.
If you are not the video owner,
click ""View Media I Own""
to see videos where you are a publisher or editor.
Click on the video you want to share.
Click ""Actions.""
Click ""Publish.""
Select ""Unlisted.""
""Published"" does not make videos ""Public"".
Click ""Save.""
Click the ""Share"" button.
Copy the link provided and share with others via email or other methods.
Problems Uploading
Try again.
Sometimes Kaltura or Drexel Streams has flukes.
Also, close/re-open your web browser.
Or try a different web browser.
If the video is said to be incompatible or too large,
Handbrake has been the free go-to for a long time to quickly solve those issues.
See Handbrake -- Smaller Video File Size or Converting Video
More Help
Zoom Recordings -- Share or Download from Zoom or Drexel Streams (Kaltura) - Closer Look"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Thumbnail Setting, or Setting Image Shown Before Video Is Played
You can set the Thumbnail image, or the image someone sees when they see your video but before they actually click the ""Play"" arrow or triangle.
Here's how.
Find & click your video under ""My Media"" in Kaltura Drexel Streams.
For more help on finding your video, see:
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Finding Your Kaltura Audio or Video After It Is Uploaded
Scroll down to & click ""ACTIONS"" > ""Edit.""
Click ""Thumbnails.""
Get to a point of the video that you think is the best image to represent the video.
(a) Or click ""Upload Thumbnail,"" and upload your own image. Follow on-screen instructions & do not proceed further.
Click ""Capture.""


You have now set the ""Thumbnail"" image for the video.
Click the name of the video to return to the normal view, if you wish.
           "
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Handbrake -- Smaller Video File Size or Converting Video
Handbrake is a free and open-source program that reduces the file size of videos, but keeps the overall video and audio quality.
It's technically video transcoder, letting you convert video formats and other options and such, but reducing video file sizes is what many, many people use it for.
Download it from here:
https://handbrake.fr/
Once installed, click ""Open Source,"" locate the movie file and select it, click ""Add to Queue,"" and ""Start Queue.""
The bottom of the Handbrake window, between the ""Save As"" and the file name, and the ""Browse"" button, will tell you where the outputted smaller file will end up.
A notification will appear when finished to ""Put down that cockatil..."", and the converted video file will be ready, and will be a smaller file size.
If you don't like the result, click the ""Preset"" menu > ""General"" > ""HQ1080p30 Surround,"" and then do the above instructions again. Rename the old or new (""Save As"") converted movie file, or click to replace the converted movie file when prompted. This will make a smaller video file than your original still, but not quite as small as you first attempt, but with a better picture quality and audio quality."
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
DaVinci Resolve Video Editor
Video Instructions
https://1513041.mediaspace.kaltura.com/media/DaVinci+Resolve+Video+Editor/1_ami9scev
More Help
The following are from Black Magic Design, the creators of DaVinci Resolve.
Download - https://www.blackmagicdesign.com/products/davinciresolve/
Training Videos - https://www.blackmagicdesign.com/products/davinciresolve/training
Search tags: da vinci, blackmagic"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Quizzes in Videos
Video Instructions
https://1513041.mediaspace.kaltura.com/media/Kaltura+Quizzes/1_xmkjlsce
Quizzes disable the ability for students to play videos at faster speeds. You can allow skipping, but not fast play.
Camtasia Quizzes are NOT recommended. Kaltura Quizzes, explained here, should be used instead.
Tracking?
Have students access video through Bb Learn at https://learn.dcollege.net or signing into Kaltura Drexel Streams at https://drexel.edu/it/streams/ -- even with Kaltura Quizzes.
Then create a 1 question quiz where 20 seconds or so before the end of the video, students have to answer a question that confirms they watched the video all the way through.
Follow the instructions in the sections below to do so, but...
Then visit the link below to later confirm who watched a video or not.

Add Quizzes to a Video
You can add quizzes to Kaltura or Drexel Streams videos that you upload in Bb Learn. Here's how.
Visit https://drexel.edu/it/streams and login
Click ""My Media.""
Find and click the title of a video of yours.
Scroll down and click ""ACTIONS.""
Click ""Launch Editor.""
Click the cube icon or ..
Press ""Start"" to create a new quiz.
Play video or move slider or line on timeline to part of video where you want to add a quiz question.
Click ""+Add a Question"" button overlayed on video.
Choose ""Question Type,"" such as multiple choice, true-false, open-ended, or simply a reflection point where video pauses and video shows text you enter to thet student.
Follow the on-screen instructions to add your question or reflection point.
When finished, click ""Done.""
You may be asked to Save a new copy of the video.
You may want to give the video a slightly different name.
Maybe with ""quiz"" or ""analytics"" or what you will in the title.
Click ""Go to Media Page.""
Edit a Quiz in a Video
You can edit quizzes to Kaltura or Drexel Streams videos that you upload in Bb Learn. Here's how.
Visit https://drexel.edu/it/streams and login.
Click ""My Media.""
Find and click the title of a video of yours.
Scroll down and click ""ACTIONS.""
Click ""Launch Editor.""
Click the cube icon or ..
Click ""Edit Quiz.""
Click a cube icon or   on the video timeline to see and edit a particular quiz question
Click ""+Add a Question"" button overlayed on video.
Choose ""Question Type,"" such as multiple choice, true-false, open-ended, or simply a reflection point where video pauses and video shows text you enter to thet student.
Follow the on-screen instructions to add your question or reflection point.
When finished, click ""Done.""
You may be asked to Save a new copy of the video.
Click ""Go to Media Page.""
Make a Bb Learn Kaltura Quiz Assignment
This makes a grade in a Bb Learn Grade Center column. There's other ways to with some of the settings, but this is what recommend, at least initially.
Visit a ""Week"" or another content area in a Bb Learn course section.
Content areas have the ""Build Content"" & ""Assessments"" & ""Tools"" & ""Partner Content"" buttons or drop-down menus.
Click ""Assessments"" > ""Kaltura Video Quiz.""
Click ""Select"" next to an existing Kaltura video quiz you've already created.
See previous sections if you haven't created a Kaltura video quiz yet.
Give a ""Title.""
Provide a ""Description"" if you wish in the text box.
Click the icon if you need more options.
Click the icon to add a picture or file.
Set the ""Points Possible"" to a number you want.
Recommend 1 point for 1 question video viewing confirmation analytics questions.
Under ""Display of Grades,"" we recommend:
""Complete/Incomplete"" for 1 question video viewing confirmation analytics questions.
""Score"" for quizzes with multiple questions.
Click ""Submit.""
ONLY for 1 question video viewing confirmation analytics questions, do the following:
Go to ""Full Grade Center.""
Click the circled down arrow in the top row of quiz column you just made.
Scroll to the far right, if you just created it.
Click ""Edit Column Information.""
Scroll down & click ""No"" next to ""Include this column in Grade Center calculations.""
So these quizzes for analytics do not modify the overall score.
Click ""Submit.""
Additional Information:
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Quizzes in Video - Require Before Test or Assignment"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Tips for PowerPoint Presenter View in Zoom Screenshare
Introduction
This guide is to show you how to enable presenter view while screen sharing on Zoom.
This is for Windows, but if you are on a Mac, try the below,
and if you need more help, contact us at ihelp@drexel.edu
if you are a Drexel CCI student, staff, or faculty member.
If using presenter view in PowerPoint, the view where you see notes as you present,
see link below for how to do that on a laptop with no external monitor (1 screen).

Tips for Zoom Presenting
Ensure to start with Presenter view and start the presentation slide show first.
Use Alt + Tab (press and hold down tab Alt with thumb, and then tab key once with another key on the same hand, then tab again to see how to select the programs).
Go ahead and screen share in Zoom.
Note:
Make sure to tick all the boxes when screen sharing in Zoom for optimized video and audio.
Big Sur and Monterey on macOS show a different extended display
Go to apple icon > System Preferences > Display > Arrangement or similar (maybe screen icon in upper right and then Display Preferences).
Select from drop-down menu extended or mirror display.

Quick Instructions
In Zoom, go to Share, go to Advanced, and select portion of screen to share when presenting.
Presenter view is where you can see your notes when running your PowerPoint slide presentation.
This link helps further.
http://suefrantz.com/2020/07/08/powerpoint-presenter-view-in-zoom-with-one-monitor/
If you want to see switch to presenter view,
while running PowerPoint presentation:
See screenshot 1.
Stop & re-start Zoom screen share if you switch.

If you want to see chat box, you need to see the “More …” button/option.
If you don’t see ""More"", click green tab at top of screen.
See screenshot 2.

Then click “More…” button/option to see ""Chat.""
See screenshot 3.

If you need more help/info, ihelp@drexel.edu email (if you are Drexel CCI students/staff/faculty).

Zoom Screenshare with Notes or Presenter View
Steps: 
Get into you Zoom meeting as normal. Do not share screen yet.
Open up PowerPoint.
Start the Slide Show.
Press & hold the Alt key (or Option key on Mac)
Press Tab key 1 or more times to select Zoom meeting window.
Release Alt key. You're in Zoom meeting.
(You can use Alt & Tab key this way to move between any open programs or apps on your computer.)
(Or Option & Tab keys. Option and ` key will move between open windows within an app. The ` key is the backtick key, under the ~ or tilde next to 1 and 2 keys.)
When ready, share your screen in Zoom.
Select the Screen or window with the full PowerPoint Presentation slide showing.
Click Share.

Green rectangle around the screen or PPT presentation means it's sharing."
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Echo360 -- captioning and transcription work-arounds
Make sure you make internal links for the links below.

Captioning and/or Transcription cannot be turned on, as it's not a free or an at all cheap service in Echo360.
However, you can download the Echo360 videos, and then upload them to Kaltura Drexel Streams, which is available to you as a Drexel Student. Kaltura Drexel Streams will auto-caption something in 24 hours. Best we can offer. Links to instructions below.
echo360 -- Downloading Lecture Recordings
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Captions"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
QuickTime -- Basics
Mac only, edits video (limited editing).
Pre-installed on Macs and found under Applications.
Video Instructions
Video -- QuickTime Streams Screen Recorder
Help (Scroll down to the ""Record your screen"" section):
https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT201066
Record computer display and audio *OR* webcam and audio are defaults.
To record audio, see screenshot below where I've circled the arrow you need to click to select your microphone.

Record webcam *and* computer display work-around: Click ""File > New Movie Recording,"" position the movie recording window and re-size it and set it to float on top via ""View > Float on Top"". Then click ""File > New Screen Recording” and make a screen recording.
Editing? Limited. Can trim unnecessary content from beginning or end of video.
Adding video or audio to Bb Learn? See link below (Recordings automatically uploaded to Drexel Streams):
Adding Media to Bb Learn via Kaltura or Drexel Streams
ONLY Instructors and Professional Staff can do this. Students cannot.
Providing captioning for videos you create is highly recommended.
See Captions."
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Make Others Co-Editors, Co-Publishers, or Co-Viewers of Videos
Instructions
If you want to allow someone to edit your videos, or add your videos to their own Bb Learn course sections, or simply find and view it in Kaltura Drexel Streams...
Do the following 6 steps:
IMPORTANT: Whoever is being made a co-editor or co-publisher or co-viewer must have visited the Kaltura Drexel Streams website ONCE.
(a) And then you can make them a co-editor or co-publisher or co-viewer.
(b) If the other person(s) has visited Kaltura Drexel Streams already, proceed to step #2.
They do NOT need to do so every time someone wants to make them a co-editor or co-publisher or co-viewer. They just need to have done this once EVER.
(c) If the other person(s) have not visted Kaltura Drexel Streams:
Tell them to go to Kaltura Drexel Streams at:
https://drexel.edu/it/streams/
or...
https://1513041.mediaspace.kaltura.com/
& login.
Then you can proceed with step #2 below.

Click ""My Media.""


Click ""ACTIONS,"" and click ""Edit.""


Click ""Collaboration,"" and click ""+Add Collaborator.""
(a) Check ""Co-Editor"" and/or ""Co-Publisher"" or ""Co-Viewer.""
(b) ""Co-Editor"" means they can make changes to the video or its settings.
(c) ""Co-Publisher"" means they can publish the video a Bb Learn course section, or elsewhere.
 

Click ""Add.""


The other person should now appear under Media Collaborators, and will be able to edit your video, or publish it to your Bb Learn course section.
Send This to Co-Editors & Co-Publishers
Send co-editors & co-publishers the following page for how to find and/or edit a Kaltura Video or its settings or publishing.
Kaltura Drexel Streams
Co-Publishers cannot edit video or video settings."
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Troubleshooting Teams
Sometimes, Microsoft Teams will not open properly on the desktop app, or will open but won't function properly. Below are ways to troubleshoot this issue: 
Sign out of Teams, and sign- in 
Update Teams: https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/office/update-microsoft-teams-535a8e4b-45f0-4f6c-8b3d-91bca7a51db1
Uninstall and Reinstall Teams 
Clear the Teams cache: https://answers.microsoft.com/en-us/msteams/forum/all/clear-cache/0810ce4f-af14-4269-b01f-adc89a0af4c4
If the above does not resolve the issue, please an email to ihelp@drexel.edu for further assistance.
To test your microphone, refer to this page: Quick Links for Helping End Users -- Testing Audio"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Making Class Recordings Unavailable
If you now set Echo360 class capture recording that is still processing to be unavailable, it will be unavailable still when it finishes processing.
First, click the ""echo360 Class Capture"" link in your course, and enter the Echo360 page in your course
If you have never done this before, see the following webpage. And then return here.
echo360 -- First Use in Bb Learn
Then, to make the recording unavailable, see the following link.
http://help.echo360.org/index.htm#t=Instructor_Guide%2FIGTopics%2FWorking_with_Content%2FMaking_Content_Unavailable_to_Students.htm"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Zoom -- Attendance - Usage Reports
Introduction
You generally want the ""Usage"" option under ""Usage Reports"" in the ""Reports"" area of https://drexel.zoom.us
If have you everyone register for a Zoom, which for classes isn't that helpful, try ""Meeting.""
But the ""Usage"" reports under ""Usage Reports"" can be very helpful for most Zoom meetings. Instructions below.
Instructions
Go to https://drexel.zoom.us , click “Sign in Standard,”
& enter your Drexel userid & password.
Click “Reports” > “Usage”
“Usage” should be under “Usage Reports.”
Use the calendar icons to set a start date & end date.
Then click “Search.”
Click the blue # or number link
under the “Participants” column for the class or meeting in question.
More Help
https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us/articles/216378603-Generating-Meeting-Reports-for-Registration-and-Polling"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Lightworks video editor
Lightworks is a free-to-use video editor. You get a 7-day trial and then you must register to continue using. It is completely free to continue using, as long as you register. 
Kevin personally uses Lightworks for smaller video projects and Adobe Premiere Pro for multiple larger video projects (especially if they require multiple tracks, effects, and quality+performance is very important) because renders can be queued.

Below are two great video links, with timestamps as well so you can easily look up the stuff you want with a video tutorial.
Lightworks - Tutorial for Beginners in 10 MINUTES! [ 2020 Updated ]
Lightworks 14 2018 Tutorial - Designed for Beginners (This is 30 minutes, but this is what Kevin used to learn Ligthworks in 30 minutes 1.5x speed).

This is the initial screen, you can Create a new project.. in the top left
Frame rate you can set to auto, but sometimes its good to set it to 30 or 60fps because some video capture devices (like GPUs) like to have variable frame rate.
Create a video project. Set the name and framerate.

Import audio and video files in the LOG tab. Bottom left of LOG tab you'll see ""Local Files"" where you can select multiple files and import them.

Edit the video in the EDIT tab, drag your audio/video files onto the track. Slide the red vertical bar to adjust current video position, hit the DEL key to make a cut. Right-click any clips to remove/delete and change their audio speed.

Add video effects in the VFX tab by dragging your effect component onto the clip that you want to apply it on.

Add audio effects in the AUDIO tab, but it's the same deal as VFX. You can also set volume caps/thbresholds for each track in the top right. LR is the master audio, meaning changing LR will change the audio output of ALL tracks. Change the audio level of a track by sliding up/down the dotted line of an audio track. You can also fade-in/fade-out audio by dragging the top-left and top-right corners of audio tracks (but the fade period is measured in frames, not seconds).

Once complete, you can export your movie/project/sequence (it's technically called a sequence)."
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
echo360 -- Q and A Feature
Introduction
The Q&A Feature in echo360 will let you answer text questions from students and ask them text questions.
As soon as you or a student posts a question or response, you'll see the question appear.
How Students Use Q&A
Send your students the following links on using the Q&A feature.
Viewing and Posting Questions During Class (while in the classroom)
https://support.echo360.com/customer/portal/articles/2860776?b_id=16608&t=790020
https://support.echo360.com/customer/portal/articles/2860776?b_id=16608&t=790020
Responding to Questions or Posts in the Classroom
https://support.echo360.com/customer/portal/articles/2860800?b_id=16608&t=790020
How Instructors Use Q&A
Video instructions are on the webpage below.
https://1513041.mediaspace.kaltura.com/media/Echo360+Q+and+A+Feature/1_rmyc1wnu
Written step-by-step instructions are below.
Here's how to use the Q&A Feature in echo360.
Enter echo360 through your Bb Learn course shell, but do not click on a specific class recording or broadcast date.
If you are not sure how to do this, see the following webpage. echo360 -- First Use in Bb Learn

Click the ""Q&A"" link or tab.
    

Choose whether to see ""All Questions,"" ""General Questions"", or questions from a specific class.  

To respond to an existing question:

Click on an existing question.
Click ""RESPOND TO THIS QUESTION.""
Follow the on-screen instructions.

To post a new question, click ""NEW QUESTION."""
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Microsoft Teams Guest Link
Getting a Guest Link for non-scheduled meeting (only works on Web/Desktop)
Go to Calendar
Instead of + New meeting, click Meet now

Do all the jazz to join the meeting, set up your audio/video
Click Show participants and you should see a copy symbol that resembles 2 links chained to each other. Click this to paste the invitation information to your clipboard

Paste this text into a word processor like Word or G Docs or Outlook because this is rich text and copying it into Notepad will actually lose the links.
Hover over the Join Microsoft Teams Meeting and you'll see the link. You can also Ctrl+Click on it to navigate to the link and then copy that from your favorite browser's address bar

Getting a Guest Link by scheduling a meeting
Simply schedule a meeting, fill in the required information, and add participants. You can invite members with their emails, Drexel or non-Drexel affiliated.

Microsoft Teams Guest Link"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
echo360 -- Troubleshooting Recording Playback Issues
Asked to Login? Here are Steps to Try
You generally should not need to login to Echo360, so if you are being asked to do so, try the following.
Do not use:
Internet Explorer, the old default web browser in Windows 8.1 and below. Microsoft is only do occasional security updates now for it.
Edge, the current default web browser in Windows 10. It has issues with Bb Learn and various other websites.
Access Echo360 through the Bb Learn course:
Login to https://learn.dcollege.net/ and logging in with your DrexelOne or DrexelConnect userid and password.
Click the course whose lectures you wish to view in Echo360, the ""echo360 Class Recordings"" link in the left navigation panel.
And click the ""echo360 Class Recordings for [YOUR COURSE]"" link near the top of the page.
Disable any & all privacy enhancing or script blocking or fingerprint fooling or ad blocking plug-ins, add-ons, extensions, or settings in your web browser.
Vist https://echo360.org (but do not login, though it's okay if you are in Bb Learn and you are auto-logged in to echo360) there, and that will make it easier to disable these by tapping the appropriate icons in your browser web address bar or upper right toolbar.
Firefox instructions:
https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/enhanced-tracking-protection-firefox-desktop
Chrome has no built-in features that you should need to enable for this.
Add-ons or plug-ins or extensions can usually be clicked on when you visit the page to disable for just that website.
If you are using a work computer, and run into issues, the problem could very well be that your work computer is blocking web services and/or related applications need by Echo360 to work.
So if you run into issues on your work computer, try your personal computer.
Clear your cache in your Web Browser
Chrome Instructions
https://support.google.com/accounts/answer/32050?co=GENIE.Platform%3DDesktop&hl=en
Firefox Instructions
https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/how-clear-firefox-cache
Enable Cookies in your Web Browser
Most people need to have cookies enabled in their web browser. Here's how for major web browsers.
Chrome
https://support.echo360.com/customer/portal/articles/2928710-chrome-recommended-browser-configuration?b_id=16610
Firefox
https://support.echo360.com/customer/portal/articles/2928830-firefox-recommended-browser-configuration?b_id=16610
Safari
https://support.echo360.com/customer/portal/articles/2928694-safari-recommended-browser-configuration?b_id=16610
Additional Information
https://support.echo360.com/customer/portal/articles/2928694-safari-recommended-browser-configuration?b_id=16610
Try a different web browser. Use of Chrome or Firefox is recommended. Both are free to download.
Chrome: https://www.google.com/chrome/
Firefox: https://www.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/
Cannot Find One or More Recordings
For the “COURSES” section in Echo360, the “Default” order in the “Sort By” drop-down menu is odd.
Scroll down to the bottom of the Echo360 “COURSES” webpage for your Drexel CCI course.
Or if you change the “Sort By” drop-down menu to “Oldest,” you’ll see the one or more recordings that you are missing.
If you still cannot find a recording, contact the Drexel CCI iCommons HelpDesk at 215-895-2480 or ihelp@drexel.edu.
Audio Is Hard to Hear
Is the audio hard to hear in an Echo360 recording or live video stream? Then try the following:
Adjust the volume slider when playing an Echo360 recording or live video stream:

Adjust your computer's volume
For Macs or Apple computer or laptops: https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT203186
Ignore the recommendation to upgrade your Mac OS or macOS.
For Windows computers: http://www.thewindowsclub.com/adjust-volume-for-individual-programs-windows
In particular check out the ""Volume Mixer"" section, but the whole webpage has lots of good suggestions for adjusting sound.
If the above webpage for Windows does not help, see the following webpage.
https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/help/4026994/windows-fix-sound-problems
https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/help/4026994/windows-fix-sound-problems
Install Browser Extension
If you are having trouble hearing a professor due to low audio, or bad audio, one possible work-around solution to try is to download/install the Chrome web browser and install the ""Volume Master"" extension from the Chrome Web Store at the link below.
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/volume-master/jghecgabfgfdldnmbfkhmffcabddioke
We cannot find a similar link for Firefox as of yet. The above link has a good chance of working for other Chrome-based web browsers, such as the new Microsoft Edge and the Brave web browser, as well, which may be less resource intensive on your computer.
If none of the advice above helps, contact us using information at the bottom of this webpage you are reading this on.
No Audio or Video or Recording Feed Freezes or Stutters
No video or audio in Echo360? Or audio and video feed coming in and out? Try the following steps:
Step 1
Logout of Echo360 and Bb Learn.
Close your internet browser completely.
Reopen your internet browser.
Log back into your Bb Learn course shell at https://learn.dcollege.net .
Try to access the Echo360 recordings again in the ""Echo360 Class Recordings"" area.
Click the ""Echo360 Class Recordings for [YOUR COURSE]"" link within that area.
Do not watch or share audio or video in Bb Collaborate Ultra when using Echo360.
If this does not work, try next step.
Step 2
Close your internet browser completely, and try a different internet browser.
If this doesn't work, try next step.
Step 3
You may somehow be having the wrong email address (long form is needed rather than the short form) or the wrong password get sent to Echo360.
A password reset may fix this. Here's how.
Find your Drexel long form email address.
Usually, it is your full name, with a period between the first, middle initial, and last name, followed by @drexel.edu.
Example: michael.j.galloway@drexel.edu . (Your long-form email address will be different.)
Enter Bb Learn at https://learn.dcollege.net , and try to enter Echo360 again.
If no login screen appears, logout of Bb Learn, and visit the Echo360 website (link below).
https://echo360.org/directLogin
If an Echo360 login screen appears in either Bb Learn or the Echo360 website, move onto step 4.
When you get to the login screen, enter your long form email address.
Use your Bb Learn password as your password.
If that doesn't log you in, click ""Forgot your password""
If prompted, enter your long form email address.
Click ""Send Email.""
Log out of Bb Learn too (if logged in).Close all open internet browser windows and tabs.
Wait 30 seconds.
Open your internet browser.
Follow the instructions in the email after receiving it.
Logout of Echo360 (if in Echo360).
Login to Bb Learn, and try again.
CCI Technical Staff -- Reboot Echo360 Device and Check Classroom Microphone for Serious Technical Issues
CCI Technical Staff: For any serious issues, try rebooting the Echo360 device and making sure the classroom microphone is not muted using the instructions below.
echo360 -- Rebooting echo360 Devices in CCI Classrooms
NEEDS UPDATE - echo360 -- Muting the Microphone during a Recording or Broadcast
For live broadcasts, interrupt the class for the 30 seconds or one-minute it takes to restart the device and/or turn on the microphone.
Echo360 takes 10 minutes or so to fully reboot. The live video stream and recording will start immediately afterwards again, but there will be a 10 minute or so gap.
If that doesn't work, offer to set-up Bb Collaborate Ultra in the classroom.
See Bb Collaborate Ultra
Slow Computer Response or High CPU or GPU Load
If your computer is running really slow and/or has a high GPU or CPU or processing load, then try the following:
Shrink the size of one or more of the video windows for the Echo360 broadcast, and/or the size of the internet browser tab where the videos are playing.
You may be able to reduce the size of the video windows in the internet browser.
If that doesn't help. change your computer's display resolution to something much, much lower.
If that doesn't help, follow the instructions in the section above called ""No Audio or Video or Recording Feed Freezes or Stutters.""
This issue can happen on 4K monitors, especially if there are hardware compatibility issues.
Enable Cookies in Safari on a Mac
Mac Safari users,
If you get a message about allowing cookies:
Click the ""Safari"" menu at the top left in Sarari.
Click ""Preferences.""
Click ""Privacy.""
Select ""Always allow"" next to ""Cookies and website data.""
Close the ""Security"" window.
Reload the Bb Learn webpage.
Safari is an internet browser on a Mac or Apple computer.
Mono Sound Only or Sound from One Speaker or Headphone
If you have mono sound (sound coming from one speaker or side of your headphones) when listening to Echo360 recordings, check your computer's sound settings, and then contact ihelp@drexel.edu to let us know if the issue persists. The following are work-around solutions that should help until a permanent solution is found.
Work-around Solution for Mac Users
You can make mono sound go to both your left and right speakers or headphones on a Mac by doing the following:
Click the Apple icon in the upper left corner of your Mac desktop display.
Click ""System Preferences.""
Click ""Accessibility.""
Check the box next to ""Play stereo audio as mono.""
Close the ""Accessibility"" window and you should now hear mono audio from both your left and right speakers or headphones.
Work-around Solution for Windows Users with Headphones
If you have headphones on a Windows PC (7, 8.1, 10), the following should make mono sound go to both your left and right headphones.
We currently don't have any solution for making the mono sound go to both speakers with a Windows PC, unfortunately.
Right-click the speaker icon in the lower-right of your Windows desktop display.
Click ""Playback devices.""
Under the ""Playback"" tab, right-click your sound output device, and then click ""Properties.""
Click the ""Enhancements"" tab.
Scroll down and check ""Headphone Virtualization.""
Click ""OK.""
Static Occasionally in Audio
Some users on some computers may hear occasional static. We're trying to figure out why this is happening still.
We do have a proposed work-around solution if the issue is that static occasionally comes from one speaker or side of your headphones, but no other sound is heard from that side.
WARNING: You won't be able to use the work-around solutions for mono sound above with the work-around solution below, however.
Work-around Solution for Mac Users
The following should prevent the right or left speaker or headphone from making any noise at all on a Mac.
Click the Apple icon in the upper left corner of your Mac desktop display.
Click ""System Preferences.""
Click ""Sound.""
Click ""Output"" so that it is highlighted.
Click your ""device for sound output.""
Move the slider in the ""Balance"" area either all the way to the left or right.
You will want to move away from the speaker or headphone side that is making no sound except occasional static.
Close the ""Sound"" window.
Work-around Solution for Windows Users
If you have headphones on a Windows PC (7, 8.1, 10), the following should prevent the right or left speaker or headphone from making any noise at all.
Right-click the speaker icon in the lower-right of your Windows desktop display.
Click ""Playback devices.""
Under the ""Playback"" tab, right-click your sound output device, and then click ""Properties.""
Click the ""Levels"" tab.
Click ""Balance""
Bring either the ""L"" or ""R"" speaker level all the way down to 0.
You will want to do this for whichever speaker makes no sound at all except for occasional static.
Click ""OK.""
Click ""OK.""
Click ""OK."""
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Zoom -- Captions and Transcripts
Everyone at Drexel has a Zoom Pro account at https://drexel.zoom.us
Always use https://drexel.zoom.us for your Drexel Zoom meetings, and click “Sign in Standard.”
If you record a Zoom session, you can get machine-generated auto-captioning,
by doing the following before you start the Zoom meeting
(and you can leave it enabled for future Zoom meetings).
Do these steps just once.
Visit https://drexel.zoom.us , click “Sign In Standard,” & login.
Click “Settings.”
Click “Recording.""
Make sure “Audio transcript” is checked (and click “Save” if you make changes).
Do these steps after each recording.
Wait 3 hour recording could take 5-7 hours or up to 1 day to process.
Shorter recordings usually take less time.
Make sure you clicked “End Meeting for All” at end of meeting and didn’t just leave the meeting,
or your processing/wait time will be delayed until the meeting ends itself after 24 hours.
After the recording is ready (or to check if it's ready),
go to https://drexel.zoom.us ,
click “Sign In Standard,”
login,
& click “Recordings.""
Click the recording, and download the .srt or .vtt “audio transcript.”
A .srt or .vtt file is a plain text (a file with only text and no formatting) that has time stamps in a certain format.
You should be able to open it in Microsoft Word.
Contact ihelp@drexel.edu if you have issues.
If you need the timestamps removed,
see Zoom -- Closed Captioning and Removing TimeStamps"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Record Screen on iPad, iPhone, or iOS Device -- Older Alternative Method
If you have an issue with these directions, particularly if you are using macOS Sierra 10.12.4, try updating your iOS (iPad/iPhone) mobile device to the latest stable update.
Connect your iPad/iPhone/iOS device to your Mac computer by the USB Lightning cable.
This is the charging cable that came with your iPad/iPhone/iOS device.
Enter pin/password or use fingerprint reader to unlock your iPad/iPhone/iOS device.
If prompted:
Tap ""Trust"" on your iPad/iPhone/iOS device.
Allow access to iTunes.
Sign into your iCloud or Apple account.
On your Mac computer, open ""QuickTime"" from the ""Applications"" folder.
If prompted to open a file, click ""Done.""
Click ""File""
Click ""New Movie Recording.""
Click the tiny down arrow or next to the red record button.

Select your iPad/iPhone/iOS device.

Not seeing your iPad/iPhone/iOS device display on your Mac computer display?
Quit ""QuickTime."" Disconnect your iPad/iPhone/iOS device display from your Mac computer, wait 20 seconds, and redo all of the above steps again.
If you want to record, visit the Apple support webpage below, click the ""Record"" button there (or scroll down to the ""Record"" section).
https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT201066"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Zoom -- Group Work or Breakout Rooms
Update Zoom and Enable Breakout Rooms
FIRST! Update Zoom first to latest version.
Zoom Updating or Updates
Video on how to enable Breakout Rooms in Zoom.
https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us/articles/206476093
Using Breakout Rooms -- Video
CO-HOSTS can now manage breakout rooms!
The following is a how to handle online group work ""during class"" or ""during lab.""
https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us/articles/206476313-Managing-Video-Breakout-Rooms
Student or Participant Instructions
https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us/articles/115005769646-Participating-in-Breakout-Rooms
Pre-Assigning Participants to Breakout Rooms
Zoom -- Pre-Assign Participants to Breakout Rooms
Students Create Meeting Rooms and Share with Other Students
Zoom -- Students Create Meeting Rooms and Share with Other Students"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Zoom -- SSO Single Sign-On and Host Sign-In
Video Instructions
https://1513041.mediaspace.kaltura.com/media/Zoom+--+Signing+into+the+Zoom+App+with+your+Drexel+Login+using+SSO/1_si5nvwhb
We do not cover signing out of drexel.zoom.us and zoom.us first in the video above, but we do recommend that.
Quick Instructions
Go to https://drexel.zoom.us
Sign in with Drexel userid & password.

Open the Zoom program or application (app) on your computer.
SIGH OUT in the Zoom app.
To sign out, click your initials in upper right in the Zoom app.
You will see ""Sign Out"" there.
Not sure where to find the Zoom program or application? See next section below.

In the Zoom app on your computer,
Click SSO or ""Sign in with SSO.""
Type drexel in front of .zoom.us (if prompted).
Or type-in
drexel.zoom.us
Enter Drexel userid & password when prompted.

You’ll then have access to your licensed Drexel Zoom Pro account.
You definitely want to use your licensed Drexel Zoom Pro account for any meetings with Drexel students, staff, instructors, and faculty. All Drexel students, staff, instructors, and faculty have access to a licensed Zoom Pro acount, using the instructions above.
Finding the Zoom Application or Program on your Computer
Find the Zoom program or application on your computer in the Start menu for Windows. 
Or the Finder window on Mac where your Applications are listed.
Or through Launchpad or Spotlight search, etc. 
Open the Zoom program or application the same way you'd open Word or PowerPoint:
click or double-click the program to open it. 
If you can't find the Zoom program or application on Mac, click & hold the command key, and tap the spacebar once.
Then search for Zoom in the search bar that appears. 
If you still cannot find the Zoom program or application, visit https://drexel.zoom.us , sign in, and click to host a meeting in upper right. This will install Zoom if it's not already installed as a program or application.
Confirm You are Logged into your Zoom Pro Account
Zoom -- Confirm Licensed Zoom Pro Login in Zoom App
Claim Host Role During Meeting
Zoom -- Claim Host Role during a Meeting
Alternate Instructions
Without clicking a Zoom meeting link, find the Zoom application.
Mac: Look in your Applications folder in Finder or Spotlight Search.
Windows: Look in the Start menu.
Cannot find Zoom?: Zoom may not be installed.
Visit https://drexel.zoom.us > click ""Sign In Standard"" > login through Drexel Connect > click ""Host a Meeting"" with video on or off.
Download/install & open/run Zoom or zoom .us when prompted.

Click ""zoom .us"" menu > Sign In.
Or click ""File"" > ""Sign in.""
Click ""Sign Out"" if you do have a ""Sign In"" option.

Click “SSO Sign in with SSO” or “Sign In with SSO.”


Type in “drexel” (without quotes) next to “. zoom. us”. And click “Continue.”

If prompted & if your web browser opens to the Drexel Connect webpage,
sign in with your Drexel userid and password.

         

Click ""Open link"" (and/or click “Open zoom .us"" and/or click ""Open Zoom"" or the like).
If prompted & if your web browser opens to the Drexel Connect webpage,
sign in with your Drexel userid and password.

Now, quit the Zoom application.
But do *not* sign out in the Zoom application.

You can sign out of Zoom in your web browser if you wish now. Just not the Zoom application itself.
To sign out of Zoom in a web browser (if you wish):
Click “Drexel University Zoom” > “Sign In Standard” > person icon in upper right > “SIGN OUT”.
No need to click “DISCONNECT” unless you want to sign out of all standard Drexel websites.
Now, if you click a Zoom meeting link that you created/scheduled, you will enter as a Host.
And for other Zoom meetings links, you will enter with your Drexel Account.
Need Different Password?
Zoom -- If Zoom Asks for a Password or Login
Optional Video: Zoom Overview for TA & Instructors
https://1513041.mediaspace.kaltura.com/media/Zoom+Overview+for+TA%27s+and+Instructors+-+September+2020+PUBLIC/1_9wpezg2v"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
How to Build Objects in Gather.Town
Builder Mode
To build objects in gather.town, you first need to create a space. Once you have your space created, follow the steps below to build and add objects to decorate your space:
Select the space you would like to build on
Once loaded into space, select the hammer icon in the left navigation panel


You can choose from the recent objects or you can build your own by clicking on “Open object picker” and clicking on “create new”




Once you click on “create new” there will be various pre-built images to choose from
You can also choose to upload you own image, click “Choose file” and choose an image you would like to upload to your space


After you upload an image, this window will pop up:

a.  You can select “no interaction” and place it anywhere you like on your space.|
b.  You can select “image poster” to have a bigger picture of the image you upload.
c.  You can select “video” to link your image to a video from Youtube
d.  You can select “embedded website” to link your image to your own website without having to leave gather.town
e.  You can select “external call” to link your image to a Google Hangout link or a Zoom call within gather.town
f.  Or you can select “note object” to have your image display a welcoming message, for example, “Have a nice day!”

After you have selected the interaction, you can place the object by pressing the spacebar on your keyboard.
To remove or erase the object, simply press on “Erase” next to “Build” and move to your object and press the spacebar on your keyboard."
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Zoom Updating or Updates
Mac
Enter your Applications folder in Finder or Spotlight Search.
Click ""zoom .us"" menu in upper left.
Click ""Check for Updates.""
Windows
Open the Start menu or Windows menu in lower left.
Click your initials or picture in upper right of Zoom.
Click ""Check for Updates.""
Additional Instructions & Help
https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us/articles/201362233-Where-Do-I-Download-The-Latest-Version-"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
echo360 -- Interactive Features Video
Video Length
~9 minutes
Video Link
https://1513041.mediaspace.kaltura.com/media/Echo360+Interactive+Features/1_ukrfje0n
Video Outline
     1. Check for Class Capture area in your Bb Learn course shell
          (a) If missing, contact Mike Galloway
     2. Enter Echo360 system through Class Capture area
          (a) Allow pop-ups on first-use
               i. Then visit course home page and try again
     3. Adding a virtual classroom
     4. Adding content to virtual class
          (a) Upload file
          (b) Import pre-existing Echo360 presentations
          (c) Create new presentationAdd slides
               i. Add activity
                    1. Multiple choice
                    2. Short answer
                    3. Image quiz
                    4. Ordered list
                    5. Numerical question
               i. Add other activities or slides
     5. Instructor point of view of slide/activity
          (a) # of submissions
          (b) Stop/re-start activity
          (c) See results
          (d) Show correct answers to students
          (e) Reset activity
          (f) Hide/unhide slide/activity
     6. Student point of view of activity
          (a) Enter Echo360 course page through Class Capture area
          (b) Can send a response by phone text message
               i. Student must add number in their account profile
     7. Q&A Feature
          (a) Discussion Board forums on specific class or course in general
          (b) Instructor view
          (c) Student view
          (d) New posts appear without needing to refresh the page.
     8. Export activity results to your computer
     9. Export to Grade Center
          (a) not working as of yet"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
echo360 -- Troubleshooting on a mobile device
If you are having trouble making echo360 work on a mobile device, the following link should help ensure that you can use Echo360 on your mobile device.
https://support.echo360.com/customer/portal/articles/2969908?b_id=16609"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Descript
Instructions
Below is a how-to video on using Descript.
How-To Video for Descript
The video linked above goes over how to:
Take a screen recording using Descript using their built-in screen recorder
Upload a video for editing to Descript
Transcribing a video
Removing filler words from audio/screen recording
Replacing words in a transcript generated by Descript
Deleting clips of audio from audio/screen recording

Importing an Existing Transcript to Sync with Video/Audio
If you have an existing transcript for a video or audio clip, Descript is able to sync this transcript with your clip to allow for editing within its software.
Instructions on how to import an existing transcript are at 1:33 of the video below:
Import an Existing Transcript

Adding Pauses Between Clips of Audio
When deleting clips of audio from an audio/screen recording, there may be an split between two clips being too close, which may require a pause to be inserted between them.
To add a gap of silence at a certain point of your audio, right-click at the bottom of your Descript window where you want the gap clip to be entered:
Upon clicking ""Insert gap clip"", a grey space should appear at the location in which you right clicked:
You can drag this gray bar to the left/right to make the pause longer or shorter, depending on what your audio needs."
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Zoom -- Joining a Zoom Meeting - No Link
The only options to join a Zoom meeting when you don’t have the Zoom meeting link are as follows:
Someone else in the meeting, particularly a host, co-host, or alternative host needs to do this.
They click ""Participants"" icon,
and click the ""Invite"" button.
Then send you the info.
Or they can get the Meeting ID, Passcode, and Join Link
by clicking circled i icon
or...
shield icon
in the top left corner of the Zoom Meeting window (during a meeting).
If you have the meeting ID but no link:
If a password is set
(beyond Drexel authentication for Drexel meetings),
you'll need that password too.
Visit https://drexel.zoom.us
Click “Join…”
Enter the Meeting ID."
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Zoom -- Multiple Presenters on Multiple PC's in Same Room
If you are using the Zoom virtual video conferencing web service...
If you have multiple presenters with multiple laptops or computers...
FIRST: Set-up Zoom on a moderator or tech person’s laptop.
That is the Host Zoom session.
SECOND: Set-up Zoom on each presenters laptop before the meeting.
Do not connect to audio on the presenter laptops.
Do not make the presenter a Host.
For quick Zoom set-up:
Visit https://zoom.us on their laptop.
Click “Join Meeting.”
Enter the “Meeting ID.""
See link below for how to get Meeting ID during a meeting easily.
Zoom -- Get Meeting ID and Quality Stats during Meeting
For a Meeting ID, look at:
The Zoom meeting information that was sent to you.
The last numbers in the Zoom meeting link.
Those numbers are the Meeting ID.
The numbers at the top of a Zoom window on another computer already joined everywhere.
When a presenter steps up to the podium,
enable full screen sharing on the presenter’s laptop.
When a presenter finishes,
stop screen sharing there.
When a new presenter steps up to the podium,
enable full screen sharing on the new presenter’s laptop.
Repeat the above as needed.
You can do the same in a completely online Zoom meeting.
Except there’s no podium.
Replace “steps up to the podium” above with “starts to present” above."
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Zoom -- Using Registration for Public Zoom Meetings
Introduction
If you are hosting an event that is open to the public,
using the Zoom Registration feature can be of great assistance.
You want people to sign up or ""register"" to know who is attending.
You can generate an RSVP list for who is attending the event.
And lets you only share the Zoom link with those who registered.
Registration for small meetings or classroom use is probably more work than it's worth.
We highly recommend the following for *ALL* Drexel Zoom meetings.
Zoom -- Managing Users, Privacy, and Security Measures
For any Zoom Meetings whose links are listed on a public website or that will have a large audience,
we also HIGHLY RECOMMEND the following
to keep the meeting secure and free of Zoom bombing ( Zoombombing ).
Zoom Virtual Walk-In Meetings or Public Links
Instructions
Here are 9 steps on how to use the Zoom Registration feature.
Login to Zoom at https://drexel.zoom.us
Click ""Meetings.""
Create a new meeting,
or click an existing meeting.
For ""Registration,"" check the ""Required"" box.

Scroll to the bottom of that meeting,
look under the ""Registration"" tab,
and click ""Edit"" in the ""Registration Options"" line.

In ""Registration"" window, select ""Manually Approve.""
Also check ""Close registration after event date.""
The ""Automatically Approve"" option is not recommended.
Enable other settings if you wish.

Under ""Questions,""
check what fields of information you want people to fill out when they register.
You can add ""Custom Questions,"" if you wish.

Click ""Save All.""
Share the Zoom meeting link with who you wish.
The meeting link is now a registration link."
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Troubleshooting Remote Desktop
NEEDS REVISION!!!!!!!!!!!

Basic Items to Cover First
If the user is off-campus, are they connected (for sure) to Drexel's VPN?
Let the user know we may need to sign them out or reboot the computer.
(a) LAST RESORT DURING COVID-19 Quarantine
(b) May not be able to login them back in.
Login as Administrator on the computer that they are connecting to.
(a) If the computer is not on, that's a problem.
Make sure the computer has an internet connection.
(a) Open Edge or a web browser. Browse to some random news story or website. Don't just check that there's an internet signal.
Is ""Allow remote connections to this computer"" enabled?
(a) Click Start. Search for ""Control Panel"" (no quotes). Search for ""remote desktop"" (no quotes) in the ""Control Panel"" window. Click ""Allow remote access"". In the ""System Properties"" window, be sure that ""Allow remote connections to this computer"" is selected and not grayed out.
(b) Make sure the checkbox that only allows uses with Network Level Authentication is checked.
Is the user in the list of allowed remote desktop users.
(a) If the ""System Properties"" window is not still open, follow instructions for 4.1 again.
(b) Click ""Select Users.""
(c) Make sure the user's userid appears as an allowed user for remote desktoping, along mjg88 and bjb344 and jpm46 and icommonscrc, and such.
Check that the user has the correct IP address.
(a) Click Start, type in ""cmd"" (without quotes), type in at the command line prompt in the cmd.exe/terminal window:
(b) ipconfig /all
(c) Press Enter/Return.
(d) In the Ethernet section, look for the IPv4 address.
(e) Make sure the user is using the same one.
If you or the users sees a ""Remote Desktop Connection"" error window appear that says:
""An authentication error has occurred.

The function requested is not supported.

Remote computer: ccisccm
This could be due to CredSSP encryption oracle remediation.
For more information, see https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=866660 ""

Solution: RECOMMEND downloading Microsoft Remote Desktop app from Microsoft Store, which is built into all Windows 10 instances. Look in the Start menu under ""M"" or search for ""Microsoft Store,"" then search the Microsoft Store for ""Microsoft Remote Desktop.""
Their version of Microsoft Remote Desktop is old and incompatible.
Microsoft Account Authentication
If the login prompt shows ""MicrosoftAccount/userid"", instead of using the userid or ""DREXEL/userid"", you can use your DREXEL/userid when entering the password. However, make sure that you have the latest version of Microsoft Remote Desktop application available on the Windows Store or Microsoft.
If you are asked to sign in on the store, cancel or decline, but you will still need to download the Microsoft Remote Desktop app"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
echo360 -- Uploading Video and Polling or Adding a Quiz
Uploading a Video -- Video Instructions
Watch the video below for how to edit the video. Or add polling or quizzes.
https://1513041.mediaspace.kaltura.com/media/echo360+--+Upload+Video+to+Section%2C+with+Editing+and+Polls+or+Quizzes/1_ur3u7hhn
Need to create an Echo360 link in a Bb Learn course section? See following:
https://1513041.mediaspace.kaltura.com/media/echo360+--+Make+a+Link+to+Echo360+in+a+Bb+Learn+course+section/1_3a33kogi
Screen record with Echo360 on your personal computer? See following:
echo360 -- Screen Recording from a Personal Computer
Uploading Video -- Written Instructions
Watch the 1st video link above for how to edit the video. Or add polling or quizzes.
Below are written instructions for how to upload a video
In your Bb Learn course section, click the ""echo360 Class Recordings"" link in the left-hand navigation.
Need to create an Echo360 link in a Bb Learn course section? See following:
https://1513041.mediaspace.kaltura.com/media/echo360+--+Make+a+Link+to+Echo360+in+a+Bb+Learn+course+section/1_3a33kogi
Click ""Access echo360 Class Recordings for..."" link.
Click the ""New Class"" button.
If you click ""Create"" and ""Upload,"" the video will be added to your Library only, and not associated to a particular Bb Learn course section without additional work on your part.

Click the ""+"" sign in the newly added row.
Click ""Add Video.""

Enter a ""Name"" like ""Week 2 Lecture"" or ""Week 2 Tues Lecture"" or what you will.
And select Start Date, Start time, and Duration. These dates/times do not have to match the video.
These dates/times do NOT affect when a video becomes available to students. More on that below.
Description is optional.
Click OK.

Click ""Upload a file.""
Select your video to upload.

Dark and light gray bars behind the circled play arrow icon means the video is processing.
You will get an email when the video has finished processing.

Click or  arrow > ""Availability Settings"" to set when the video should appear to students, if you do not want it to appear right away.

Alternate Video on Editing, as well as Uploading, Quizzes or Polling
Video editing has been disabled for now, but...
The following video covers uploading to Library instead, but also covers editing, quizzes, and polling:
https://1513041.mediaspace.kaltura.com/media/echo360+--+Uploading+Video/1_vu1j3bjz"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Channels
Introduction
Channels let you organize videos you have saved under your account in Kaltura or Drexel Streams.
It's debatable how useful they are.
Create a Channel
Click link above to collapse this area.
Login to Drexel One with Drexel userid and password.
https://one.drexel.edu
Click ""Campus+Community.""

Scroll down under ""Technology Services,"" click ""Drexel Streams.""

On the new webpage, click your name in the upper right.
Your name will appear instead of ""Michael Galloway.""
 Click ""My Channels"" link under your name in the upper right.
Your name will appear instead of ""Michael Galloway.""
 Click ""Create Channel.""

 Enter a Name, Description (optional), and Tags (recommended but optional).
Separate ""Tag"" words or phrases by commas.
  Select ""Private"" under ""Privacy.""
Unless you want others to be able to add videos to this channel.

 Click ""Save"" at bottom of page.
  A message will save ""information saved,"" meaning the new channel is created.

 Your channel will not be named ""Skype Video Test Channel.""
Click the ""Back to Channel"" button at the bottom of the page, if you wish to start adding videos to the channel.
 
Adding Audio or Videos to a Channel
Navigate to the Drexel Streams channel you wish to add videos to.
If you are not looking at this Drexel Streams channel, and do not know how to find a channel, click the link below.
FindingYourChannel
Then return here. Above link simply takes you further down this webpage.
Click the ""Add to Channel"" button.
  Type text in the ""Search"" box to search for videos to add to the channel.
Press Enter/Return on the keyboard after typing in search words or phrases.
  Wait 10-20 seconds for results to load.
Select videos to add to the channel from the search results.
Check the box next to each video you wish to add.
You can check/select other videos or checkboxes, of course, and you will likely not be searching for ""Skype"" videos.
 Click ""Publish"" to add the selected videos to the channel.
Of course, you will likely not be searching for ""Skype"" videos.
 Wait 10-20 seconds for videos to be added to channel.
A green ""All media was published successfully"" message will appear at the top of the webpage.
This means the videos have been added to the channel.
Your channel will not be called ""Skype Video Test Channel.""

Finding Your Channel
Login to Drexel One with Drexel userid and password.
https://one.drexel.edu
Click ""Campus & Community.""
 Scroll down under ""Technology Services,"" click ""Drexel Streams.""

On the new webpage, click your name in the upper right.
Your name will appear instead of ""Michael Galloway.""
 Click ""My Channels"" link under your name in the upper right.
Your name will appear instead of ""Michael Galloway.""
 Search for a channel.
Or ""View Channels I Manage"" and choose to see channels you are a member of, or are subscribed to.
Click the channel title link form the search results.
Sharing Your Channel
A Drexel faculty or professional staff member or active adjunct or instructor has to login to Drexel Connect or DrexelOne and visit the Drexel Streams webpage *before* they can view a video, no matter if the ""Open"" or ""Restricted"" or ""Private"" option is selected for the channel.
Doing so creates a Drexel Streams profile that is needed for accessing any videos shared this way on Drexel Streams.
A Drexel student is *not* able to watch any Drexel Streams video in a channel, unless
it's embedded in a Bb Learn course shell, 
or Drexel ITG (central Bb Learn office) modifies that particular student's Drexel Streams or Drexel online profile
or possibly if that video own permissions are set to ""Unlisted,"" which makes the videos viewable by anyone with a direct link to the video.
Drexel students cannot access Drexel Streams by default, so they cannot create a profile."
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Zoom--Using Sidecar on iPad and Mac Using Mirrored Display
Tagged with: zoom Ipad Mac sidecar mac laptop sidecar
Sidecar is a continuity and mirroring feature for Apple Mac and iPad. 
Note: It requires internet, Bluetooth and must meet the system requirements. 
iPad: Pro (all models), iPad 6th generation and later, iPad mini 5th generation and later and iPad Air 3rd generation or later.
Mac: MacBook Pro introduced in 2016 or later, MacBook introduced in 2016 or later, MacBook Air introduced in 2018 or later, iMac introduced in 2017 or later, or iMac (Retina 5K, 27-inch, Late 2015), iMac Pro, Mac mini introduced in 2018 or later, Mac Pro introduced in 2019 and Mac Studio.
Setup for Sidecar
Make sure you are signed in with the same ID on both devices.
Go to ""System Preferences"" > select ""displays"".
If iPad is not connected then select ""Add display pop-up"" > select your iPad.

Alternative: connect using 
Display in control center 
Display menu shown on the menu bar.
Zoom Set up
Once the Zoom app is opened.
Select the settings icon on the top right of the app > click on the general tab.
Select the ""Dual monitor button"".

To screen share select the screen share arrow icon on Zoom. The iPad screen should show as a desktop 2. You can drag whatever view, slide or app you want displayed on the iPad or Mac to both screens depending on your preference. 
This link contains a video that provides visuals."
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Accessing files in Microsoft Teams with Non-Drexel email
You will receive an email similar to this with an “open” button:



Once you click the open button, the SharePoint site will ask you to verify by sending a code to the email address you have accessed this link with (click send Code):



After clicking the send code button, you will receive another email with the code:



Enter the Code and click Verify to gain access to the files: 



From here the user is all set and can access and interact with the folder you have shared with them from your teams’ site via SharePoint."
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Edit Video or Video Settings
Quick Video Edit Instructions
If you already uploaded your video, light video editing in Kaltura can be done by logging in to Kaltura Drexel Streams at:
https://drexel.edu/it/streams
or...
https://1513041.mediaspace.kaltura.com/
Click ""My Media.
""Search for and click the video you want to edit.
Go to the editing function (look under ""Actions"") under the video.
Or click pencil icon next to video.
Click ""Launch Editor.""
You can save a copy of the video, or just use the original video.
Here's how to add your edited video to a Bb Learn course section.
Adding Media to Bb Learn via Kaltura or Drexel Streams
Upload the Video
If the video is not uploaded to Kaltura Drexel Streams:
Login to Kaltura Drexel Streams at:
https://drexel.edu/it/streams
or...
https://1513041.mediaspace.kaltura.com/
To upload a video, click +ADD NEW > Media Upload > agree to terms and conditions > +Choose a file to upload.
Follow on-screen instructions.
Editing the Video and its Settings -- Video Instructions
https://1513041.mediaspace.kaltura.com/media/Kaltura+Edit+and+Video+Editor+and+Closed+Caption+Request/1_jev20ec5
Video Editor NOT recommended for extensive video editing.
Quick editing is fine.
Video above covers Closed Captioning too.
Video Settings -- Written Instructions
VIDEO EDITING? GO TO NEXT SECTION BELOW.  This section is just on video settings.
NOTE: Changing the ""Title"" of a video will change its link or web address.
Find & click your video under ""My Media"" in Kaltura Drexel Streams at:
https://drexel.edu/it/streams
or...
https://1513041.mediaspace.kaltura.com/
Scroll down to & click ""ACTIONS"" > ""Edit.""
Various editing options provided.
Click link below for additional information on each & a screenshot.

Details: Edit video name and description. Add Tags to help with searching for it in My Media.

Options: ""Enable everyone to create clips from this video."" If you allow them to access it.

Collaboration: Change owner, or add co-editors and co-publishers. Covered here:
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Make Others Co-Editors, Co-Publishers, or Co-Viewers of Videos

Thumbnails: Change image someone sees in video player window before playing video. Covered here:
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Thumbnail Setting, or Setting Image Shown Before Video Is Played

Downloads: Allow anyone who can view the video within Drexel Streams or Kaltura My Media to download the video. Covered here:
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Allow Downloads

Captions: Upload captions for the video. You can request auto-captioning for any Kaltura Drexel Streams video by following instructions here:
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Captions

Attachments: Note that videos added to Bb Learn using Kaltura Media will show attachments. Click ""File Upload"" and upload one or more files. Follow on-screen instructions.

Timeline: You can make chapters and upload slides to play along, but generally too labor intensive to be of much use. Free/available video editors are a better way to go to add slides, but chapters won't come over with those.

Replace Media: Add an updated version of the video without changing the link or adding a new video. Click ""Choose a file to upload"" to upload the replacement video.

Just the ""Details"" tab is shown for brevity. But other options listed above.
Click title of video in order to return to normal view of video.
Video Editor -- Written Instructions
If you just need to remove stuff at the start and end, and 1 or 2 things in the middle, the editor is great.
You can have a lot of freezing or lost work if you do very heavy video editing in Kaltura.
But it often works fine for removing a few things or so.
Here's how:
Visit https://drexel.edu/it/streams
or...
https://1513041.mediaspace.kaltura.com/
and login.
Click ""My Media.""
Find and click the title of a video of yours.
Scroll down and click ""ACTIONS.""
Click ""Launch Editor.""
Click the film icon or .
It should say ""Video Editor"" at the top now.

Edit the video.
Video Editor --Tools Review
Here is help on the editing tools in Kaltura or Drexel Streams.
The blue line on the video timeline is the play head.
If you play the video, the video starts playing from here.
The ""Set In"" left bracket icon sets the new start time in the video.
Everything before it gets marked to be deleted.

The ""Set Out"" right bracket icon sets the new end time in the video.
Everything after it gets marked to be deleted. Click in the video where you want

Move the playhead blue line to where you want to cut.

The ""Split"" or cut scissors icon makes a segment in the video.
USE THIS OPTION TO REMOVE STUFF IN THE MIDDLE.

If you ""Split"" a segment in the middle,
you can use the ""Delete"" trash can icon to remove it.

Even Mike Galloway can't figure out how to use the Fade In/Out line segment icon for any desirable use.
But that's what that is.

Use the Undo or Redo curly arrows to undo or redo changes.
You can ""Reset"" or revert all changes with the  icon.

Want more precise movements with the blue line play head?
Move the ""Timeline Zoom"" slider right.
   
When finished:
Click ""Save"" to save your changes to the original.
Or click ""Save a Copy"" to make a copy.
Then click the Exit curved arrow icon to go back to the normal view of the video or media.
Here's how to add your edited video to a Bb Learn course section.
Adding Media to Bb Learn via Kaltura or Drexel Streams"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
mac OS Cmd-Shift-5 screen recorder
https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT208721#mojave
Mac only. Edit in QuickTime above.
IMPORTANT:
Include 5 seconds or so of extra recording at start & end. Sometimes gets cut off.
Do a test recording of 10-20 seconds first!
Upload a video as a comment in VoiceThread
https://voicethread.com/howto/recording-a-comment
Or use Kaltura Drexel Streams to Add Videos to Bb Learn Course Sections. Otherwise, you greatly slowdown Bb Learn for everyone.
Do not use this option with VoiceThread.
See Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Adding Media to Bb Learn"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Zoom -- Waiting Room to Manage Office Hours Attendance
Video Instructions - RECOMMENDED
Per the Zoom webpage below, ""The Waiting Room feature allows the host to control when a participant joins the meeting."" 
As the meeting host, you can admit attendees one by one or hold all attendees in the waiting room and admit them all at once.
This *short video below* does a great job of explaining how to use the ""Waiting Room"" feature in Zoom.
https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us/articles/115000332726-Waiting-Room
""Managing Participants"" = ""Participants"" panel or button.
Make sure you are the ""Host"" or ""Co-Host.""
Enabling Waiting Room Before a Scheduled Meeting
This is how you can enable the Waiting Room ahead of a scheduled meeting.
Go to http://drexel.zoom.us, click “Sign In Standard,” and login.
Click “Meetings.”
Click the scheduled meeting you want the waiting room for.
Scroll down to & click “Edit this Meeting.”
Scroll down to & check “Enable Waiting Room.”
Click “Save.”
Enabling or Disabling Waiting Room During a Meeting
https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us/articles/360022174112-Using-a-Waiting-Room-with-Zoom-Rooms#h_b2103f53-a263-4637-8b16-8f0ca9d6a538
""Managing Participants"" = ""Participants"" panel or button.
Admitting Participants During a Meeting
https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us/articles/360022174112-Using-a-Waiting-Room-with-Zoom-Rooms#h_8afff6b9-54a3-49ec-93dc-4b161d00987b
""Managing Participants"" = ""Participants"" panel or button.
Admit All Participants from the Waiting Room
https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us/articles/360022174112-Using-a-Waiting-Room-with-Zoom-Rooms#h_ed1916d1-c87c-495a-87ec-fe2416b1af8a
""Managing Participants"" = ""Participants"" panel or button.
Sending Participants to the Waiting Room During a Meeting
https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us/articles/360022174112-Using-a-Waiting-Room-with-Zoom-Rooms#h_fe31aa37-a07d-4b3e-8696-c578fd6285f6
""Managing Participants"" = ""Participants"" panel or button.
More Help
Most of the links above come from website below.
https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us/articles/360022174112-Using-a-Waiting-Room-with-Zoom-Rooms
""Managing Participants"" = ""Participants"" panel or button."
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Handbrake -- Smaller Video File Size or Converting Video
Handbrake is a free and open-source program that reduces the file size of videos, but keeps the overall video and audio quality.
It's technically video transcoder, letting you convert video formats and other options and such, but reducing video file sizes is what many, many people use it for.
Download it from here:
https://handbrake.fr/
Once installed, click ""Open Source,"" locate the movie file and select it, click ""Add to Queue,"" and ""Start Queue.""
The bottom of the Handbrake window, between the ""Save As"" and the file name, and the ""Browse"" button, will tell you where the outputted smaller file will end up.
A notification will appear when finished to ""Put down that cockatil..."", and the converted video file will be ready, and will be a smaller file size.
If you don't like the result, click the ""Preset"" menu > ""General"" > ""HQ1080p30 Surround,"" and then do the above instructions again. Rename the old or new (""Save As"") converted movie file, or click to replace the converted movie file when prompted. This will make a smaller video file than your original still, but not quite as small as you first attempt, but with a better picture quality and audio quality."
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Zoom Tips
General Tips
Do not use https:// zoom.us for Drexel Zoom.
Instead...
Use https://drexel.zoom.us for Drexel Zoom.

You can only host 1 meeting at a time on your own account.
Drexel Zoom meetings can be schedule to last as long as 24 hours long, if need be.
Zoom meetings recorded to the cloud are captioned and transcribed automatically.
Transcriptions are automatically made available to those who attend.
Captioning and transcripts are NOT good enough for those who need special accommodations.
International participants can use Zoom to hear and be heard for free through their computer.
International phone rates apply if the phone is used for audio.
Zoom Video Tutorials
https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us/articles/206618765-Zoom-Video-Tutorials
Zoom Hosting Tips (not covered here)
Zoom -- Hosting a Drexel Zoom Meeting
Drexel or Drexel CCI Background
Drexel Zoom Virtual Background
Drexel CCI Zoom Virtual Background
Troubleshooting
Zoom Troubleshooting -- Crash, Audio, Artifact, Lag, Freeze, More"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Zoom -- Whiteboard, 2nd Webcam, and Writing
Using PowerPoint
PowerPoint Use and Writing on iPad and iPhone or iOS or iPadOS
Zoom's Built-in Annotation or Whiteboard Feature
Video:
http://youtube.com/watch?v=aGRf0hL9ObQ
Or see:
https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us/articles/115005706806-Using-annotation-tools-on-a-shared-screen-or-whiteboard
Or for a shared whiteboard, see:
https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us/articles/205677665-Sharing-a-whiteboard
Enable Students/Participants Use of Shared Whiteboard
You can disable that, or enable that again. Here's how.
Login to https://drexel.zoom.us
Click Sign In Standard > Settings.
Scroll down to ""Annotation""
Click on/off switch to ""Allow participants to use annotation tools to add information to shared screens.""
Click on/off switch to ""Allow participants to share whiteboard during a meeting.""
Click on/off switch to ""Auto save whiteboard content when sharing is stopped.""
2nd Camera in Zoom
Join Meeting Again from Phone or Laptop
Concept can work with Bb Collaborate Ultra as well.
Works or Android, iPhone, iPad, ChromeOS, FireOS, Linux, or just a 2nd laptop or device.
https://1513041.mediaspace.kaltura.com/media/Zoom+Writing+Alternative+–+March+2020/1_bmp00qzk
Use iPhone, iPad, or iOS AirPlay
https://1513041.mediaspace.kaltura.com/media/Zoom+--+Use+iPad%27s+or+iPhone%27s+Built-In+AirPlay+for+2nd+Webcam/0_m9qbnkul
Use DroidCam App (Android)
Android shown here but works with iOS too. Super simple. Does not work on Mac laptops.
https://1513041.mediaspace.kaltura.com/media/DroidCam+app+-+Make+Android+Phone+or+Device+a+Webcam/0_n8s7hjss
Use EpocCam
Works with iPad or iPhone on Mac laptops and desktops. Newer iPads or iPhones recommended for this one.
https://1513041.mediaspace.kaltura.com/media/EpocCam+app+as+2nd+Webcam+for+iPad+or+iPhone/1_qd3qelai
Use Surface as a 2nd Monitor with Pen Support
 https://surfacetip.com/use-your-surface-as-a-portable-display/
Use Miro Virtual Whiteboard
This concept can also work with Bb Collaborate Ultra as well. Excellent virtual white board, with post-its!
https://1513041.mediaspace.kaltura.com/media/Miro+Virtual+White+Board+Introduction/1_r58nkijl"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Let Others Download Videos
Kaltura Drexel Streams now DOES allow students and others to download videos.
Here's how:
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Allow Downloads
ANOTHER very simple solution is to simply upload host the original video files to OneDrive. 
Then set the sharing permissions for either anyone with the link to access or anyone at Drexel (or with a Drexel account) to access. 
Instructions at the link below.
Office 365 -- OneDrive Sharing Files and Folders"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
echo360 -- Downloading Lecture Recordings Outside of Bb Learn
This guide tells instructors how to download echo360 lecture recordings from outside of Blackboard (Bb) Learn for Drexel's College of Computing & Informatics (CCI).
Visit the echo360 website.
   (a) https://echo360.org
Click ""Alternate Login.""

Use your long form Drexel email address and DrexelOne or Bb Learn password to login.
   (a) Example of long form email address: michael.j.galloway@drexel.edu
   (b) Your long form email address will be different.

     

   (c) Can't login? Click ""Forgot your password?"" and reset your password.
            i.  This will not affect how you login to echo360 through Bb Learn.
A page showing the most recent ""Active Term"" will appear.
   (a) If you see the class with the recordings you want to download, click the ""ALL CLASSES"" button for that class.
            i.  Then skip to step 5.

                 You will have different class names.
                 And you will click the ""ALL CLASSES"" button in a different class's row.
                  

   (b) If you do not:
         Click the ""Active Terms"" drop-down menu, and select the term for the class.
         

        If you see the class with the recordings you want to download, click the ""ALL CLASSES"" button for that class.
           1. Then skip to step 5.
            
        If you still do not see the recording:
           1. Click the ""Library"" link in the upper left.
          
           2. Search for a specific recording.
           3. Click the recording.
           4. Scroll down to ""Processed files"" section on the right.
             
           5. Click to download one of the recordings.
              (a) hd1 is an HD version of the video showing in the left panel.
              (b) hd2 is an HD version of the video showing in the right panel.
              (c) You likely will want one or both of these videos.
In the row of the date of the recording:
   (a) Click the green or gray arrow button.
   (b) Scroll down if necessary.
   (c) Click ""Download original.""
         There are 2 images below.
        
        
Choose to download computer display with audio, room video with audio, or audio only.
   (a) Click resolution (standard definition is SD, high definition is HD).
   (b) Click ""Download.""
   (c) Download and save the media file to your computer.
        "
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Drexel Zoom Virtual Backgrounds
Find a Drexel CCI Zoom Virtual Background Image:
https://drexel.edu/~/media/Images/cci/Resources/CCI_Zoom_background.ashx?la=en
or...
https://drexel.edu/it/help/a-z/zoom/
Scroll all the way down.
Right click & save the image that you like.
Put that image on our Zoom background.
You can download general Drexel backgrounds from here:
1_Drexel_zoom.jpg
2_Drexel_zoom.jpg
3_Drexel_zoom.jpg
4_Drexel_zoom.jpg
5_Drexel_zoom.jpg
You can also download the Drexel CCI background here: CCI_Zoom_background.jpg
Or...
Visit the CCI Community Resources page on Drexel CCI's website at:
https://drexel.edu/cci/about/cci-community-resources/
Scroll down to ""For CCI Faculty and Professional Staff.""
Click the ""Drexel CCI Zoom Background"" link."
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
QuickTime
QuickTime -- Converting Other Media
QuickTime -- INCLUDE
QuickTime -- Recovering a Video
QuickTime -- Screen Recording Instructions"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
OBS Studio
Introduction
OBS stands for Open Broadcaster Project. ""OBS Studio"" is a screen recorder that anyone can download and use on Windows, Mac, or Linux. With it, you can record video of anything on your computer display's desktop, record audio from a built-in or connected microphone, and record video from a built-in or connected webcam.
There is no time limit on recordings, but the longer and more involved the recording, the more storage space the recording will take up on your computer or wherever you choose to store it.
The user interface is a little different from what you may expect.
Installation
Install ""OBS Studio"" from the webpage below.
https://obsproject.com/
Works on Windows, Macs, and Linux computers.
May require download and installation of some DirectX software from Microsoft on a PC.
You should be taken through what to do to download and install the DirectX software, if necessary.
Instructions
Video
Video -- OBS Studio
Written Step-by-Step
Open the ""OBS Studio"" application.
After opening the ""OBS Studio"" application for the first time.
Click the ""OBS"" or ""File"" menu.
Click ""Preferences"" or ""Settings.""
Click ""Output.""
Make sure the ""Recording Path"" is where you want your recordings to go.
Click ""Browse"" to change this.
Under ""Recording,"" for ""Recording Format,"" choose mp4.
Click ""OK"" in lower right of ""Settings"" window.
If you want to record yourself speaking:
Under ""Mixer,"" make sure you see a green level indicator under ""Mic/Aux"" that moves as you speak.
If you don't, configure and test your microphone and speakers/headphones by visiting the webpage below, clicking “Mic Guides,” and selecting your operating system (OS).
http://www.onlinemictest.com/
If you don’t know your operating system, visit the webpage, below and look beneath where it says “YOUR WEB BROWSER IS:”
https://www.whatismybrowser.com/
If you still have issues, click the gear icon in the ""Mic/Aux"" row, click ""Properties,"" choose a different device, and click ""OK.""
Under ""Sources,"" click the + sign, select ""Audio Input Capture,"" select ""Add Existing,"" select ""Mic/Aux,"" keep ""Make source visible"" checked, and click ""OK.""
If you want to record your webcam video:
Under ""Sources,"" click the + sign, select ""Video Capture Device,"" select ""Create new,"" keep ""Make source visible"" checked, and click ""OK.""
In the ""Properties for..."" window, select your webcam ""Device,"" and click ""OK.""
If you want to record your computer display:
Under ""Sources,"" click the + sign, select ""Display Capture,"" select ""Create new,"" keep ""Make source visible"" checked, and click ""OK.""
In the ""Properties for..."" window, make no changes (unless you have multiple monitors, in which case, choose the monitor to capture from the ""Display"" drop-down menu), and click ""OK.""
To actually start screen recording, click ""Start Recording.""
The ""Start Recording"" button will turn to a ""Stop Recording"" button.
To hide the OBS application window:
On a Mac, click the ""OBS"" application icon at the top of your Mac computer display, and choose ""Hide.""
In Windows, click the ""OBS"" application icon in the lower right of the computer display. You may need to click the ^ to see this icon.
Make your screen recording.
To stop your video, click the ""OBS"" application icon in the toolbar at the top of your Mac computer display, and click ""Stop Recording.""
Or click ""Stop Recording.""
To show the OBS application window:
On a Mac, click the ""OBS"" application icon at the top of your Mac computer display, and choose ""Show.""
In Windows, click the ""OBS"" application icon in the lower right of the computer display. You may need to click the ^ to see this icon.
Click the ""File"" menu, and then click ""Show Recordings"" to see your recordings.
Adding Video and Audio Files to Bb Learn -- Instructors Only
Instructors and course assistants can add video or audio to Bb Learn. See the webpage below for instructions.
Adding Media to Bb Learn via Kaltura or Drexel Streams
Captioning or Transcription
Providing captioning for videos you create is highly recommended.
See Captions.
Live Streaming
See the webpage below.
OBS Studio -- Live Streaming"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
NEEDS UPDATING -- Zoom -- Connect to Microphone and Video Camera by USB or in the CCI Classroom
NEEDS UPDATING WITH VIDEO SHOWING HOW TO CONNECT VARIOUS LAPTOPS TO PODIUM IN CCI CLASSROOMS.
Make sure your laptop's image appears on the front projector or front monitor.
Make sure you have connected the correct USB cord on the podium to your laptop.
Make sure the CCI classroom microphone is not muted.
CCI Classroom Privacy & Audio Controls Check for Echo360 and Zoom
Once the USB cord is connected, click ""Join Audio by Computer"" in Zoom.
Not sure how? Click link below for YouTube video instructions
https://youtu.be/rJc-Af5i7hU
If problems continue, do all of the following:
Click the lock or shield or i icon to the left of the URL in the address bar,
and make sure the site settings are to ""Allow"" the microphone and camera.
(Not just ""Ask."")
Close your internet browser completely.
Do *NOT* END the meeting.
Just *LEAVE* the meeting.
You will likely be prompted to do one or the other.
Disconnect the USB and the adapter dongle and/or HDMI cord from the laptop.
Re-connect the USB, adapter dongler and/or HDMI cord.
Restart the Zoom session.
The above steps can help with many issues, like if the AV Bridge for the microphone is detected by the laptop, but not the AV Bridge for the video camera.
You may also want to watch the YouTube video below on joining by audio/video via Zoom.
https://youtu.be/rJc-Af5i7hU"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Record Zoom Breakout Rooms
Introduction
There is a known ""issue"" with Zoom where it may not seem ""possible"" to record meetings in a breakout room.
However, there's a workaround solution in order to allow participants to record in their own breakout rooms.
Here's the instructions and steps on being able to do this.
Allowing Recordings in Zoom Breakout Rooms
You can allow recording in breakout rooms by elevating the participant's permission in the break out room
by joining the breakout room, then going to the ""participants"" panel.
(You need to be the host or the co-host in order to do this)

After you enter the breakout room, press ""More"" to elevate the Participant's permission.
No matter the access level, you are required to join the breakout room to ""elevate"" the participant's permission to begin with. 

This is a roundabout way of allowing the participant to record,
but this is a simple way of allowing breakout rooms to record.
Additionally, you can also record in the main room and the breakout room concurrently,
and can be saved to the device or cloud. For better-ways to save the files, you can upload the recordings to
OneDrive at https://onedrive.com ,
or Kaltura Drexel Streams at https://drexel.edu/it/streams
Recordings can be shared as ""Unlisted"" videos. 

It is always a good suggestion to initiate the recording process with separate people,
and can either be cloud or local for saving the video.
To find the recordings, you can get the locations from this link:
https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us/articles/206277393-Finding-and-viewing-local-recordings."
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Joining Teams from 2nd Device
Join the meeting on your primary device (the one you will be speaking with and listening in the meeting on).

Join the meeting on your secondary device signed in under the same account. When asked, make sure to click ""Add this device"".

On your secondary device, begin screen sharing.


Now you should be able to listen to the meeting on your primary device while screen sharing your second device.
Link for Guest: Microsoft Teams Guest Link"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Zoom -- Scheduling Meetings with a Password
Visit https://drexel.zoom.us & click ""Sign in Standard.""
Click “Settings” in left navigation panel.
Scroll down to & click to disable “Embed password in invite link for one-click join.” (Left on toggle switch is disable.)
a. Also, if you have meetings with non-Drexel people in Zoom:
b. We recommend clicking to disable both ""Only authenticated users can join meetings"" & Only authenticated users can join meetings from Web client.""
c. Enable this on a per-meeting basis (explained below). Doing so is HIGHLY encouraged for all meetings with only Drexel students, staff, instructors, adjuncts, or faculty attending or speaking.
Scroll up to & click “Meetings” in left navigation panel.
Click “Schedule a New Meeting.”
Fill in Topic, Date, Time, etc.
Scroll down to & check “Meeting Password.”
a. Then type in what you want Password to be.
If there are any non-Drexel attendees or speakers:
a. Scroll down to & uncheck “Only authenticated users can join.”
b. Everyone will still have to enter the password you set above.
c. But they do not have to first authenticate by logging into to Drexel Connect to attend the Zoom meeting as well.
If only Drexel students, staff, instructors, adjuncts, or faculty are attending or speaking:
a. Keep checked “Only authenticated users can join” if you wish.
b. Everyone will still have to enter the password you set above.
c. But now they must also first authenticate by logging into to Drexel Connect in order to attend the Zoom meeting.
d. If anyone is already signed in through their Zoom application to their Drexel account, they will only be asked to enter the password you set above.
e. Works in web client too.
Copy the link, or click “Copy the invitation” & copy the meeting info.
a. Share that meeting information with others via email or where and how you wish.
You may also want to include this link, which tells people how to stay in through their Drexel Zoom application to their Drexel account, making it easier to enter meetings where only authenticated Drexel Zoom users are allowed, but they will also have to enter the password you set above.
Zoom -- Login or Registration or Redirect Issues"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Mac remote access to Mac -- Setting up a Mac computer for remote access to another Mac
Set the Mac computer that you wish to access remotely so that it doesn't sleep. 
Click apple icon (upper left) > System Preferences > Energy Saver > Power Adapter (if Battery and Power Adapter are tabs to choose from). 
Check ""Prevent computer from sleeping automatically when the display is off."" 
If you have issues later on, return here and uncheck ""Put hard drives to sleep when possible."" 
Check ""Wake for Wi-FI network access."" 
Check ""Enable Power Nap…""
Close ""Energy Saver"" window. 
Set the Sharing or remote access to be enabled and to only allow the user (and iCommons full timers and icommonscrc) 
Click apple icon (upper left) > System Preferences > Sharing. 
Check the ""Screen sharing"" checkbox. 
   (a) Select ""Only these users"" next to ""Allow access for."" 
   (b) Write down the ""vnc://"" IP address under ""Screen Sharing: On"" 
   (c) Click the + sign and add the select users mentioned above. 
            i.  For ""User name,"" enter ""DREXEL\"" (no quotes), followed by the user's DrexelOne userid or short form Drexel email address
                   (a) Example: DREXEL\mjg88 
                   (b) Example 2: DREXEL\icommonscrc 
Check the ""File Sharing"" checkbox. 
   (a) Select ""Only these users"" next to ""Allow access for."" 
   (b) Write down the ""smb://"" IP address under ""File Sharing: On"" 
   (c) Click the + sign and add the select users mentioned above. 
            i.  For ""User name,"" enter ""DREXEL\"" (no quotes), followed by the user's DrexelOne userid or short form Drexel email address
                   (a) Example: DREXEL\mjg88 
                   (b) Example 2: DREXEL\icommonscrc 
Check the ""Remote Login"" checkbox. 
   (a) Select ""Only these users"" next to ""Allow access for."" 
   (b) Write down the ""ssh"" terminal command under ""Remote Login: On"" 
   (c) Click the + sign and add the select users mentioned above. 
            i.  For ""User name,"" enter ""DREXEL\"" (no quotes), followed by the user's DrexelOne userid or short form Drexel email address
                   (a) Example: DREXEL\mjg88 
                   (b) Example 2: DREXEL\icommonscrc 
The user likely only needs Screen Sharing, but the others can provide additional access for special purposes. 
Make sure the computer is left on, and does not sleep or hibernate.
   (a) Mac desktops have a tendency to turn off when no one is logged in. 
   (b) So make sure you have locked your computer. 
   (c) Don't log out. "
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Zoom -- Use on Android and iPad, iPhone, or iOS
iOS, iPad, or iPhone
Install the Zoom app from Apple App Store or Play Store
https://apps.apple.com/us/app/zoom-cloud-meetings/id546505307
Click Zoom meeting link (only if you have a link).
Open app and click ""Join meeting.""
Enter Meeting ID #, and click ""Join.""
Join audio or click microphone.
a. Do *NOT* join audio or click microphone
if you are already joined from your computer
& using your iPhone or iPad as a 2nd screen in a presentation.
If you want, click camera icon to share video.
Tap screen if options disappear.
To share screen, tap Share Content > Zoom > Start Broadcast.
3-10 seconds later, your screen will be shared.
When finished screen sharing,
click ""OK"" at the prompt that the ""Broadcast"" has stopped.
For how to write on a Zoom screen, whiteboard functionality, or whiteboard alternatives.
2nd Webcam and Writing
When finished with end user, end the meeting ""for all"" on your end.
You cannot control an iOS device screen from Zoom, but you can see everything.
Android
Install the Zoom app from the Google Play Store
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=us.zoom.videomeetings&hl=en_US
Click Zoom meeting link (only if you have a link).
Open app and click ""Join meeting.""
Enter Meeting ID #, and click ""Join.""
Join audio or click microphone.
Do *NOT* join audio or click microphone
if you are already joined from your computer
& using your iPhone or iPad as a 2nd screen in a presentation.
If you want, click camera icon to share video.
Tap screen if options disappear.
To share screen, tap Share Content > Zoom > Start Broadcast.
Tap agree to ""share sensitive info"" (i.e. whatever is on screen).
3-10 seconds later, your screen will be shared.
When finished screen sharing,
click ""OK"" at the prompt that the ""Broadcast"" has stopped.
For how to write on a Zoom screen, whiteboard functionality, or whiteboard alternatives.
2nd Webcam and Writing
When finished with end user, end the meeting ""for all"" on your end.
You cannot control an Android device screen from Zoom, but you can see everything.
When finished screen sharing, click ""OK"" at the prompt that the ""Broadcast"" has stopped."
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Set-up a Free Zoom Account
Drexel CCI faculty, staff, and students should *NOT* use a free Drexel account. INSTEAD, they should use the Drexel Pro Zoom accounts at https://drexel.zoom.us .
Non-Drexel people do NOT need to sign in to join a Zoom meeting usually.
They just need a Zoom meeting link or ID, and to click ""Join"" on the Drexel Zoom or regular Zoom home page, and enter the info there.
Visit https://zoom.us
Click “SIGN UP FREE.”
Follow the onscreen instructions to create a free Zoom account.
Login to Zoom if necessary.
Click “HOST A MEETING.”
Click “With Video On” or “With Video Off” (your choice).
Follow the on-screen instructions to host a meeting with no else there to test out Zoom.
You then will likely be taken through how to download and install Zoom on your computer.
If necessary, open the downloaded application to install it.
Enter a name and email before joining the meeting.
Once in the meeting, click “Join Audio Conference by Computer.”
Look for color in the microphone to change as you speak.
That will let you know it's working.
If you have audio problems,
dial-in by telephone using the information below.
Your experience hosting a free Zoom meeting with no one else attending will be very similar to what you see in the actual meeting in Zoom.
Optional additional information on Zoom can be found at the following webpage:
Zoom"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Zoom -- Adding Co-Hosts or Alternate Hosts
Make Someone Host or Co-Host During a Meeting
You need to be the host, usually.
https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us/articles/201362573-Pass-Host-Controls-and-Leave-the-Meeting
Pre-Meeting -- Make Someone Host or Co-Host
Go to https://drexel.zoom.us
Click ""Sign In Standard"" & login.
Click ""Meetings"" > ""Schedule a New Meeting.""
Or click an existing meeting.
Fill out the meeting schedule form.
At the bottom of the form...
Enter the Drexel email address(es) in the “Alternative Hosts” field.
FIRST try their short form email address.
Their Drexel userid followed by @drexel.edu .
Click “Save” to schedule the meeting.
Pre-Meeting -- If Email Does Not Work to Add Someone as a Co-Host
If the short form email doesn't work, and it is a Drexel person, you need their long-form email address.
Everyone at Drexel has a short and long email address.
Email sent to either end up in the same email address,
but we need to use the long form for Drexel people.
One way to get the Drexel long form email address
is to look up the other person in the Drexel Directory at
https://drexel.edu/about/contact/
Click the person's name if you do not see their email address.
Another way to get someone's long form Drexel email address
is for that person to go to https://drexel.zoom.us ,
click “Sign In Standard,” login,
and look on their “Profile” page for what their “Sign-In Email” is,
and send that email address to you (the Host).
A final way is to email Mike Galloway & give him 1-2 business days.
Provide him with the Drexel userid (not student or employee ID #'s) and full name.
Only short or long form Drexel emails are needed for Drexel people.
Non-Drexel people should provide the email address associated with their Zoom account.
Alternative Instructions
https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us/articles/206330935-Enabling-and-adding-a-co-host"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Adding Pronouns to Your Zoom Profile
Tagged with: zoom
If you would like to add pronouns to your Zoom profile,
follow the steps outlined below.
Visit https://drexel.zoom.us
Click ""Profile"" in the left navigation panel.
Click ""Edit"" to the right of your name & ""Department"" information.
Add your pronouns under ""Pronouns.""
& how you would like to share them.
(We encourage people to click “Always share in meetings and webinars."")
Click ""Save."""
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
QuickTime -- Screen Recording Instructions
Instructions
Mac only, edits video (limited editing).
Pre-installed on Macs and found under Applications.
Video Instructions
Video -- QuickTime Streams Screen Recorder
Help (Scroll down to the ""Record your screen"" section):
https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT201066
Record computer display and audio *OR* webcam and audio are defaults.
To record audio, see screenshot below where I've circled the arrow you need to click to select your microphone.
Record webcam *and* computer display work-around: Click ""File > New Movie Recording,"" position the movie recording window and re-size it and set it to float on top via ""View > Float on Top"". Then click ""File > New Screen Recording” and make a screen recording.
Editing? Limited. Can trim unnecessary content from beginning or end of video.
Adding video or audio to Bb Learn? See link below (Recordings automatically uploaded to Drexel Streams):
Adding Media to Bb Learn via Kaltura or Drexel Streams
ONLY Instructors and Professional Staff can do this. Students cannot.
Providing captioning for videos you create is highly recommended.
See Captions.
Adding Video and Audio Files to Bb Learn -- Instructors Only
Instructors and course assistants can add video or audio to Bb Learn. See the webpage below for instructions.
Adding Media to Bb Learn via Kaltura or Drexel Streams
Captioning
Providing captioning for videos you create is highly recommended. The following webpage will provide instructions for automatically generating captions.
Captions and Transcriptions
https://docs.cci.drexel.edu/display/CD/Captions+and+Transcriptions
Recovering a Video
See the following webpage.
QuickTime -- Recovering a Video"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Adding Audio or Video to a Content Area -- Instructors Only
You need to record a video first.
If you need options for how do to that, see the link below.
Adding Media to Bb Learn via Kaltura or Drexel Streams
For Kaltura Drexel Streams, in a content area (the areas in your course section/shell with the “Build Content” and “Assessments” and “Tools” and “Partner Content” drop-down menus at the top)…
A content area in a Bb Learn course section is a webpage that has the ""Build Content,"" ""Assessments,"" ""Tools,"" and ""Partner Content"" drop-down menus at the top.
The name of your content area will likely be different than ""Course Materials.""
Click Build Content > Kaltura Media > +Add New to add a new video
Or Select instead of +Add New in order to choose from an already uploaded video.
Follow onscreen instructions.
It takes time for videos to be playable after upload. Give it a few hours, though it may upload much sooner.
There are 3 ways to see your upload Kaltura Drexel Streams videos.
Visit https://drexel.edu/it/streams , and login.
Click ""My Media"". Search for videos.
Visit Bb Learn at https://learn.dcollege.net
And click Sign In Standard > Tools (in left navigation panel) > Kaltura My Media.
Search for videos.
Visit DrexelOne at https://one.drexel.edu .
Login, click ""CAMPUS+COMMUNITY"".
Scroll down to & click ""Drexel Streams.""
Click ""My Media"". Search for videos.
Want to allow students to download the video?
There's a work-around solution for this. See link below.
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Allow Downloads"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Zoom -- Add Videos to Bb Learn using Kaltura Drexel Streams
Your Zoom Videos Are Probably in Kaltura Already
Kaltura is the preferred option with your Bb Learn course section to add videos.
For a 1-3 hour recording, it usually takes 3-6 hours for videos to appear in Kaltura after Zoom recording stops. Rare occasions up to 24 hours.
The shorter the recording, the less time it takes.
After that, Zoom recordings, using the record to cloud option in Zoom, are ready to add to your Bb Learn course section via the Kaltura tool.
Simple Instructions
Make sure the Zoom application or program on your computer is signed into your Drexel account.
Login to https://drexel.zoom.us (NOT https://zoom.us)
See: Zoom -- SSO Single Sign-On and Host Sign-In to MAKE SURE YOU ARE SIGNED INTO YOUR DREXEL ACCOUNT.
Record a Zoom meeting using the record to cloud option.
Or use Zoom to make a pre-recorded lecture or presentation.
See: Zoom -- Recording
Wait a few hours for recordings to appear.
1-5 minute TEST recordings will be up MUCH faster
The Zoom meeting has to be over.
Go to your Bb Learn course section.
Enter a ""Week"" or other content area.
Click ""Build Content"" > ""Kaltura Media.""
Wait 5-10 seconds.
Select your video.
Follow the on-screen instructions.
Example of a content area.
Many content areas are ""Week 1"" or ""Week 2"" or similar.

Editing Video
Light Video Editing in Kaltura or Drexel Streams
Great option for light video editing.
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Edit Video or Video Settings
No Real Editing in Zoom Recordings
We recommend editing in Kaltura or Drexel Streams for most quick video editing.
Zoom is great, but when you edit a video, it just adds skip points in a video.
If you download the Zoom video, or when it backs up to Kaltura or Drexel Streams, the edits in Zoom disappear.
OTHER Free video editing options are suggested at the page below.
Recording Video on a Computer and Adding to Bb Learn -- aka Screen Record
More Help
Adding Video Manually to Kaltura or Drexel Streams or Bb Learn
Do NOT just upload a movie file to Bb Learn or Drexel Learn directly. Upload through Kaltura or to Drexel Streams first!
Students:
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Adding Media to Bb Learn -- Student Instructions
Instructors: 
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Adding Kaltura Audio or Video to a Content Area -- Instructors Only
Instructors - Add to a Text Box in Bb Learn
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Embed Kaltura Audio or Video in Any Bb Learn Text Box
Where to find Kaltura or Drexel Streams? 
Go to a ""Week"" or other content area in a Bb Learn section.
Click ""Build Content"" > ""Kaltura Media.""
Or...
Go to Drexel Streams
https://drexel.edu/it/streams
Login & look under “My Media.”
Drexel Streams offers access to the same videos as Kaltura does.
But also offers additional features.
Kaltura & Drexel Streams are otherwise the same video repository tool.
Kaltura & Drexel Streams are available to all Drexel faculty, staff, instructors & students.
Very, Very Old Zoom Videos may NOT be in Kaltura
Everything from July 2021 and after will be backed up to Kaltura if recorded to the cloud in Zoom.

If you are looking for something before July 2021, see steps below.
Any Zoom video will only be around for 18 weeks!!
Kaltura links in Bb Learn course sections last indefinitely.
Videos in Drexel Streams also remain indefinitely.
If Zoom videos are NOT in Kaltura already,
either download the Zoom Videos (see Zoom -- Recording )
or...
visit OneDrive in a web browser at https://portal.office.com ,
login with Drexel email & pw,
click cloud or OneDrive icon to the left after login,
and look for back-ups of old Zoom recordings from SP 21 or before.
Only older Zoom videos will be there.
Upload your Zoom videos to Bb Learn in a ""Week"" or other content areas
using ""Build Content"" > ""Kaltura Media.""
See Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Adding Kaltura Audio or Video to a Content Area -- Instructors Only
Alternative: Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Embed Kaltura Audio or Video in Any Bb Learn Text Box
Other Links
Upload Zoom videos not already uploaded to Drexel Streams:
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Uploading Directly to Drexel Streams -- Playable by Anyone with Link
More on uploading videos to Bb Learn using Kaltura:
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Adding Media to Bb Learn"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Uploading Directly & Making Playable by Anyone with Link
If you need to upload a video to Drexel Streams (outside of a Bb Learn course section, usually).
Visit https://drexel.edu/it/streams
Login with your Drexel userid and password.
Click ""+Add New"" > ""Media Upload.""
Agree to terms of use.
Upload your video.
Once uploaded, or while uploading...
If you need a link that anyone on the internet can click and open...
Set the ""Publishing Status"" to ""Unlisted.""
Enter Name, and optionally Description & Tags.
Click ""Save.""
Wait 30 seconds, or (if you see one) a faint blue status bar at the top of the window to fill."
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
DegreeWorks Help Page
Helpful DegreeWorks Links
https://drexel.edu/ais/training/Degreeworks/
https://drexel.edu/drexelcentral/registration/courses/degreeworks/
https://drexel.edu/~/media/Files/ais/Documentation/DegreeWorks%20for%20Advisors%20Overview%20v3.ashx?la=en
https://drexel.edu/ais/resources/Troubleshooting/DegreeWorks%20FAQs/
Report issues with Degreeworks to ais_degreeworks@drexel.edu"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Import iCal (Apple Calendar) into Microsoft Outlook
Go to the Apple icon > System Preferences > Apple ID > iCloud (if on Mojave). Check the box for Calendar.
Next, open your Apple Calendar app on your Mac, check if the Calendar you use is under ""iCloud"" or ""On my Mac."" 

* You click the colored checkbox to select or deselect calendars there.
* Some are added by default.
* If you don't see those headings on the side, click the tiny calendar icon in Calendar in the upper left.

See Image below.


If your calendar is under ""iCloud,"" generate a URL for it.

* Screenshot shows a person icon.
* If you have a sideways Wifi icon next to the calendar, click that instead.
* If you don't have a person or side-ways WiFi icon next to the calendar,
* hover your mouse pointer over it,
* and you'll see the person or side-ways WiFi icon.

Once you have copied the calendar URL,
* visit https://outlook.office.com
* in a web browser.
* Login with Drexel userid@drexel.edu and Drexel password.
* Or however you normally login to Drexel One or Bb Learn on the web.
Go to the calendar and click ""Add calendar."" See image below 


Click ""Subscribe from web.""
Copy/paste in the URL.
Click ""Import.""
Follow any other onscreen instructions.
Once finished, your Apple Calendar should appear in the left nav panel as a selectable (clickable) calendar option.
Wait a few minutes for calendar to sync *AND* refresh the webpage.
If you want to see your Apple Calendar and Outlook Calendar at the same time,
you can just select both calendars in the left nav panel. See image below
Or click ""Week"" in upper right, toggle on/off ""Split View.""

BUT... WHAT IF YOUR CALENDAR IS UNDER ""On My Mac""?
If you don't have your calendar showing under ""iCloud,""
here's what to do:
After doing steps 1-2 above, in the Apple Calendar app, select the calendar you want to copy over (export). Make sure it's actually highlighted, and not just with a checkmark on it.
Click ""File"" > ""Export"" > ""Export"". 
Choose where to ""Export"" it on your Mac, and click the ""Export"" button. An .ics file with the name of your calendar will be saved where you chose to export it.
Visit https://outlook.office.com in a web browser. Login with Drexel userid@drexel.edu and Drexel password. Or however you normally login to Drexel One or Bb Learn on the web.
Go to the calendar and click ""Add calendar.""
Click ""Upload from File.""
Click ""Browse."" Upload the .ics file from where you saved it on your Mac.
Choose the Outlook calendar to upload it to. There may only be 1 choice.
Click ""Import."" Follow any other on-screen instructions."
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
echo360 -- Stats and Analytics
Live Video Streaming Stats
Tracking attendance for an echo360 live video stream is not very well developed yet, unfortunately.
The best method to track live video streaming attendance in echo360 during class is to have students use the Q&A feature to acknowledge that they are present.
And it's recommended that ask students to type in present as a new question, ideally for that class, just after the start of class and once more when you take a break or another time during the class.
Currently, there is no requirement that online remote students in cross listed online, and on-campus (F2F) classes attend the live video stream.
The webpage below will tell you how to use Q&A in echo360.
 echo360 -- Q and A Feature
The analytics in echo360 help very little with tracking live video streaming attendance.
But what little is offered is covered in the Recording Stats section below.
Recording Stats
     1. Enter the echo360 area through Bb Learn.
     2. Click “ANALYTICS.”
      
     3. Click “Students.”
     4. Click “All Classes.”
     5. Choose a class.
     6. Look at the “Attendance” and “Video Views” and “% Viewed” for each student.
          (a) Attendance: Only “Attendance” has any relevance to the live video stream, and the “Attendance” feature does not do much. The “Attendance” feature merely tracks if a student entered an echo360 live video stream for a class (really, the echo360 area for that class) at any time from between 10 minutes before the start of class and 5 minutes before the end of class.
But a student could simply enter and then leave during this time, and they would be marked as having attended class.
          (a) Video Views: “Video Views” will tell you if a student watched at least 5% of a video, and then count that as 1 view, but this is only for recordings, and not for live video streams, which is not tracked at all by this value.
Live broadcast stats will not appear as views in echo360 stats.
          (b) % Viewed: ""% Viewed” will tell you how much of the recording was watched by a student. But again, this is only for a recording, and not for a live video stream.
Additional Information
More about echo360 analytics can be found at the webpage below:
echo360's ""Viewing Student Analytic Data"" webpage
https://support.echo360.com/customer/portal/articles/2872032?b_id=16610
echo360's ""Engagement and Analytics Metrics Defined (What do the analytics mean?)""
https://support.echo360.com/customer/portal/articles/2870797-engagement-and-analytics-metrics-defined?b_id=16610"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Making Echo360 Class Recordings Unavailable
Instructors can make a published Echo360 class capture recording unavailable on their own now, if you run into a problem with someone saying something they shouldn't in a class until a recording can be edited.
If you now set Echo360 class capture recording that is still processing to be unavailable, it will be unavailable still when it finishes processing.
First, click the ""echo360 Class Capture"" link in your course, and enter the Echo360 page in your course
If you have never done this before, see the following webpage. And then return here.
echo360 -- First Use in Bb Learn
Then, to make the recording unavailable, see the following link.
http://help.echo360.org/index.htm#t=Instructor_Guide%2FIGTopics%2FWorking_with_Content%2FMaking_Content_Unavailable_to_Students.htm"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Mapmaker - Tiles
Introduction
Tiles are placed in your space/room to define private areas, spawn, portals to other locations, and impassible areas.
What are Tiles?
In general, a tile is one square of the grid on which you build your maps for your Gather Space. When you are inside of a Space, a single, quick press of your arrow keys will move your avatar one tile in the direction of the arrow key you pressed. 
All tile squares in Gather are 32 x32 pixels in size.
In the Mapmaker, you can have special tile types that are used to create specific effects. Each type of tile provides a different function for your Gather space. 
You can find and place the special Tile Types in the Mapmaker by selecting the Tile tab or pressing the hotkey [t].

The default Tile Type is ""Impassible Tile"" which is represented by an X. In the above image, the ""Spawn Tile"" type is selected and the icon in the upper left has changed to the corresponding matching map pin image. 
You can only add or delete the tile type you have selected. This helps you edit the different layers of tiles you have placed rather than accidentally deleting an Impassible Tile when you only wanted to delete the Private Space Tile in the same location.
Spawn Tiles
Spawn tiles are used by the mapmaker/host to designate where new attendees spawn in your event space! These spawn tiles can be placed directly near the entrance door of your space if you have guiding materials in your space for new users. They can also be placed throughout the room if you'd like users to enter in a specific area of your entrance.
Spawn Tiles are designated by these green highlighted tiles in the Mapmaker:

For larger conferences, you are welcome to create multiple spawn areas within your entrance room so that users spawn randomly and spread out in the space:

Changing your Spawn Default Entrance Room
Currently every room requires at least one spawn tile, just in case you decide to change the default entrance room. To change your default entrance room, you can right click on the room name in the top left room list and click set as default room.

Portal Tiles
Portal tiles are used by the mapmaker/host to connect various rooms within your space, as well as connecting separate Gather spaces together. 
Please note that portal tiles are ONE-WAY only, so you will need to place portal tiles from both sides of the origin room as well as the destination room.
When you select the portal tile option, you will be able to place a blue highlighted tile and the following two prompts will show up.

""Portal to a room"" will allow you to place portals in the same room or a different room within the same space you are currently working in. When you select this option, you will see a drop-down list of all rooms in the current space. Select the designated room you'd like to connect, then place the portal tile in the destination room. Please remember to then switch to the destination room and place another portal tile linking back to the original room.  The best practice is to place portals at the back end of a doorway, as indicated, and the exit destination as in front of the doorway.


Private Tiles
Private tiles are areas in the map where users in the private areas can only see each other, no matter how far they are with no video/audio fading.
Only other users in the same private area can see or hear you."
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Zoom -- Pre-Assign Participants to Breakout Rooms
Instructions
https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us/articles/360032752671-Pre-assigning-participants-to-breakout-rooms#h_f1d7287d-ade8-4b73-b0b9-37365faecf55
For Drexel students, staff, faculty, or instructors, you must use their long-form Drexel email address.
Drexel long-form email addresses go to the same email inbox as Drexel short-form or abc123 or userid email addresses.
DU IT for some reason likes to use the long-form email address in Bb Learn and Zoom and such.
We're not sure why, but yes, it's silly. 
Look up each person by last-name, first-name in the Drexel directory website below.
https://drexel.edu/about/contact/
Sometimes short-form email addresses work,
but it’s almost always best to use the long-form email addresses first,
and then try the short-form email.
IMPORTANT & HELPFUL NOTE!
During a Zoom meeting, the Host can click the Breakout Rooms icon,
click the gear icon,
and check a box to allow participants to choose their own breakout rooms,
if you want to allow your students or meeting participants to choose their own Breakout Rooms."
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
echo360 -- Troubleshooting Live Broadcast Issues
Asked to Login? Here are Steps to Try
You generally should not need to login to Echo360, so if you are being asked to do so, try the following.
Do not use:
Internet Explorer, the old default web browser in Windows 8.1 and below. Microsoft is only do occasional security updates now for it.
Edge, the current default web browser in Windows 10. It has issues with Bb Learn and various other websites.
Access Echo360 through the Bb Learn course:
Login to https://learn.dcollege.net/ and logging in with your DrexelOne or DrexelConnect userid and password.
Click the course whose lectures you wish to view in Echo360, the ""echo360 Class Recordings"" link in the left navigation panel.
And click the ""echo360 Class Recordings for [YOUR COURSE]"" link near the top of the page.
Disable any & all privacy enhancing or script blocking or fingerprint fooling or ad blocking plug-ins, add-ons, extensions, or settings in your web browser.
Vist https://echo360.org (but do not login, though it's okay if you are in Bb Learn and you are auto-logged in to echo360) there, and that will make it easier to disable these by tapping the appropriate icons in your browser web address bar or upper right toolbar.
Firefox instructions:
https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/enhanced-tracking-protection-firefox-desktop
Chrome has no built-in features that you should need to enable for this.
Add-ons or plug-ins or extensions can usually be clicked on when you visit the page to disable for just that website.
If you are using a work computer, and run into issues, the problem could very well be that your work computer is blocking web services and/or related applications need by Echo360 to work.
So if you run into issues on your work computer, try your personal computer.
Clear your cache in your Web Browser
Chrome Instructions
https://support.google.com/accounts/answer/32050?co=GENIE.Platform%3DDesktop&hl=en
Firefox Instructions
https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/how-clear-firefox-cache
Enable Cookies in your Web Browser
Most people need to have cookies enabled in their web browser. Here's how for major web browsers.
Chrome
https://support.echo360.com/customer/portal/articles/2928710-chrome-recommended-browser-configuration?b_id=16610
Firefox
https://support.echo360.com/customer/portal/articles/2928830-firefox-recommended-browser-configuration?b_id=16610
Safari
https://support.echo360.com/customer/portal/articles/2928694-safari-recommended-browser-configuration?b_id=16610
Additional Information
https://support.echo360.com/customer/portal/articles/2928694-safari-recommended-browser-configuration?b_id=16610
Try a different web browser. Use of Chrome or Firefox is recommended. Both are free to download.
Chrome: https://www.google.com/chrome/
Firefox: https://www.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/
Video Camera Pointed in Wrong Direction
See - Returning a vaddio CCI Classroom Video Camera to its Initial Angle.
Cannot Find One or More Recordings
For the “COURSES” section in Echo360, the “Default” order in the “Sort By” drop-down menu is odd.
Scroll down to the bottom of the Echo360 “COURSES” webpage for your Drexel CCI course.
Or if you change the “Sort By” drop-down menu to “Oldest,” you’ll see the one or more recordings that you are missing.
If you still cannot find a recording, contact the Drexel CCI iCommons HelpDesk at 215-895-2480 or ihelp@drexel.edu.
Audio Is Hard to Hear
Is the audio hard to hear in an Echo360 recording or live video stream? Then try the following:
Adjust the volume slider when playing an Echo360 recording or live video stream:

Adjust your computer's volume
For Macs or Apple computer or laptops: https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT203186
Ignore the recommendation to upgrade your Mac OS or macOS.
For Windows computers: http://www.thewindowsclub.com/adjust-volume-for-individual-programs-windows
In particular check out the ""Volume Mixer"" section, but the whole webpage has lots of good suggestions for adjusting sound.
If the above webpage for Windows does not help, see the following webpage.
https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/help/4026994/windows-fix-sound-problems
If none of the advice above helps, contact us using information at the bottom of this webpage you are reading this on.
No Audio or Video or Recording Feed Freezes or Stutters
No video or audio in Echo360? Or audio and video feed coming in and out? Try the following steps:
Step 1
Logout of Echo360 and Bb Learn.
Close your internet browser completely.
Reopen your internet browser.
Log back into your Bb Learn course shell at https://learn.dcollege.net .
Try to access the Echo360 recordings again in the ""Echo360 Class Recordings"" area.
Click the ""Echo360 Class Recordings for [YOUR COURSE]"" link within that area.
Do not watch or share audio or video in Bb Collaborate Ultra when using Echo360.
If this does not work, try next step.
Step 2
Close your internet browser completely, and try a different internet browser.
If this doesn't work, try next step.
Step 3
You may somehow be having the wrong email address (long form is needed rather than the short form) or the wrong password get sent to Echo360.
A password reset may fix this. Here's how.
Find your Drexel long form email address.
Usually, it is your full name, with a period between the first, middle initial, and last name, followed by @drexel.edu.
Example: michael.j.galloway@drexel.edu . (Your long-form email address will be different.)
Enter Bb Learn at https://learn.dcollege.net , and try to enter Echo360 again.
If no login screen appears, logout of Bb Learn, and visit the Echo360 website (link below).
https://echo360.org/directLogin
If an Echo360 login screen appears in either Bb Learn or the Echo360 website, move onto step 4.
When you get to the login screen, enter your long form email address.
Use your Bb Learn password as your password.
If that doesn't log you in, click ""Forgot your password""
If prompted, enter your long form email address.
Click ""Send Email.""
Log out of Bb Learn too (if logged in).Close all open internet browser windows and tabs.
Wait 30 seconds.
Open your internet browser.
Follow the instructions in the email after receiving it.
Logout of Echo360 (if in Echo360).
Login to Bb Learn, and try again.
CCI Technical Staff -- Reboot Echo360 Device and Check Classroom Microphone for Serious Technical Issues
CCI Technical Staff: For any serious issues, try rebooting the Echo360 device and making sure the classroom microphone is not muted using the instructions below.
echo360 -- Rebooting echo360 Devices in CCI Classrooms
NEEDS UPDATE - echo360 -- Muting the Microphone during a Recording or Broadcast
For live broadcasts, interrupt the class for the 30 seconds or one-minute it takes to restart the device and/or turn on the microphone.
Echo360 takes 10 minutes or so to fully reboot. The live video stream and recording will start immediately afterwards again, but there will be a 10 minute or so gap.
If that doesn't work, offer to set-up Bb Collaborate Ultra in the classroom.
See Bb Collaborate Ultra
Slow Computer Response or High CPU or GPU Load
If your computer is running really slow and/or has a high GPU or CPU or processing load, then try the following:
Shrink the size of one or more of the video windows for the Echo360 broadcast, and/or the size of the internet browser tab where the videos are playing.
You may be able to reduce the size of the video windows in the internet browser.
If that doesn't help. change your computer's display resolution to something much, much lower.
If that doesn't help, follow the instructions in the section above called ""No Audio or Video or Recording Feed Freezes or Stutters.""
This issue can happen on 4K monitors, especially if there are hardware compatibility issues.
Enable Cookies in Safari on a Mac
Mac Safari users,
If you get a message about allowing cookies:
Click the ""Safari"" menu at the top left in Sarari.
Click ""Preferences.""
Click ""Privacy.""
Select ""Always allow"" next to ""Cookies and website data.""
Close the ""Security"" window.
Reload the Bb Learn webpage.
Safari is an internet browser on a Mac or Apple computer.
Mono Sound Only or Sound from One Speaker or Headphone
If you have mono sound (sound coming from one speaker or side of your headphones) when listening to Echo360 recordings, check your computer's sound settings, and then contact ihelp@drexel.edu to let us know if the issue persists. The following are work-around solutions that should help until a permanent solution is found.
Work-around Solution for Mac Users
You can make mono sound go to both your left and right speakers or headphones on a Mac by doing the following:
Click the Apple icon in the upper left corner of your Mac desktop display.
Click ""System Preferences.""
Click ""Accessibility.""
Check the box next to ""Play stereo audio as mono.""
Close the ""Accessibility"" window and you should now hear mono audio from both your left and right speakers or headphones.
Work-around Solution for Windows Users with Headphones
If you have headphones on a Windows PC (7, 8.1, 10), the following should make mono sound go to both your left and right headphones.
We currently don't have any solution for making the mono sound go to both speakers with a Windows PC, unfortunately.
Right-click the speaker icon in the lower-right of your Windows desktop display.
Click ""Playback devices.""
Under the ""Playback"" tab, right-click your sound output device, and then click ""Properties.""
Click the ""Enhancements"" tab.
Scroll down and check ""Headphone Virtualization.""
Click ""OK.""
Static Occasionally in Audio
Some users on some computers may hear occasional static. We're trying to figure out why this is happening still.
We do have a proposed work-around solution if the issue is that static occasionally comes from one speaker or side of your headphones, but no other sound is heard from that side.
WARNING: You won't be able to use the work-around solutions for mono sound above with the work-around solution below, however.
Work-around Solution for Mac Users
The following should prevent the right or left speaker or headphone from making any noise at all on a Mac.
Click the Apple icon in the upper left corner of your Mac desktop display.
Click ""System Preferences.""
Click ""Sound.""
Click ""Output"" so that it is highlighted.
Click your ""device for sound output.""
Move the slider in the ""Balance"" area either all the way to the left or right.
You will want to move away from the speaker or headphone side that is making no sound except occasional static.
Close the ""Sound"" window.
Work-around Solution for Windows Users
If you have headphones on a Windows PC (7, 8.1, 10), the following should prevent the right or left speaker or headphone from making any noise at all.
Right-click the speaker icon in the lower-right of your Windows desktop display.
Click ""Playback devices.""
Under the ""Playback"" tab, right-click your sound output device, and then click ""Properties.""
Click the ""Levels"" tab.
Click ""Balance""
Bring either the ""L"" or ""R"" speaker level all the way down to 0.
You will want to do this for whichever speaker makes no sound at all except for occasional static.
Click ""OK.""
Click ""OK.""
Click ""OK."""
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
How to Tell if Recording
In a CCI classroom, look in the front of the podium.
Find the echo360 device in the podium.

Is the circled left arrow on the front is lit up in red?
echo360 is recording."
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Zoom -- HIPAA Private Mode
Set-up Zoom HIPAA Private Mode
Visit https://drexel.zoom.us
Click ""Sign in HIPAA.""

   

Login on Drexel Connect.
Click ""Confirm your email address.""



Then click ""Switch to the new account"" in the email. Wait 1-3 minutes for email to reach you.



Click ""I Acknowledge and Switch.""
   (a) Switches you to the HIPAA Private Mode version of Zoom.
   (b) Revisit Zoom at https://drexelprivate.zoom.us if you do not see this.

          

You will see ""HIPAA Private Mode Video Conferencing"" appear in the upper left.


This will change how your Zoom account works going forward.

Using Zoom HIPAA Private Mode Video Conferencing
HIPAA Zoom is very similar to regular Zoom, so the following links still largely apply.
Zoom
Zoom -- Scheduling
/display/CD/Zoom+--+Scheduling
Key Differences with Regular Zoom
Zoom HIPAA Private Mode is VERY similar to the normal Zoom Pro accounts that all Drexel faculty, instructors, staff, and students have.
Here are the differences:
End-to-end encryption, including encrypted chats
   •   A green lock with an E on it appears in upper left of Zoom meeting, indicating end-to-end encryption.
Removes device & user information in logs and reports.
Only records to the host's computer, not the cloud.
No live streaming to YouTube, Facebook, & Workplace on Facebook.
   •   You can live meetings with multiple people, but not to the general public.
Uses https://drexelprivate.zoom.us or drexelprivate.zoom.us 
   •   Rather than https://drexel.zoom.us or drexel.zoom.us
   •   This is how Zoom session links start.
   •   Also, SSO or Single-sign-on windows will ask you to fill in [ BLANK ].zoom.us
   •   Enter drexelprivate in front of .zoom.us for HIPAA Private Zoom meetings
Want to Use Non-HIPAA Zoom?
Visit https://drexel.zoom.us .
But click ""Sign In Standard.""
And not ""Sign in HIPAA."""
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
TechSmith Capture
Note: Jing is now referred to as TechSmith Capture.
Install and Enable Flash - Needed for TechSmith Capture
Note that Chrome and Firefox can say they need Flash installed, when it just needs to be enabled or allowed.
The webpage explains how to install and/or allow or enable Flash.
Flash -- Enabling or Installing in Chrome, Firefox, and Safari
Then return here.
Instructions
The following video links will tell you how to use TechSmith Capture.
Be sure to click the video icon in TechSmith Capture to capture video.
Take Your First Capture
https://www.techsmith.com/tutorial-jing-taking-your-first-capture.html
Capture a Video
https://www.techsmith.com/tutorial-jing-record-video.html
Share to Screencast.com
https://www.techsmith.com/tutorial-jing-share-to-screencastcom.html
More TechSmith Capture Tutorials
https://www.techsmith.com/jing-tool.html
Click the link above and SCROLL DOWN
Embed video in Bb Learn wiki page or other text
NOT RECOMMENDED if you do not have experience with HTML code.
Edit the Bb Learn wiki page (or text description of a Bb Learn Item, Folder, or other content or section).
Click the double-down arrow in the large ""Content"" or description text box.
This expands the toolbar to show more options.

Click ""HTML"" icon in ""Content"" or description toolbar.

In a new web browser tab or window, visit the screencast.com weblink that contains the video.
Example of the screencast.com weblink for this: https://www.screencast.com/t/S0VM6aoBpiuA .
Your screencast.com weblink will have different letters and numbers at the end or the link.
Change the left ""px"" box to something like ""400px"" (without quotes).
If that is too small, repeat the above steps, and enter ""600px"" (without quotes) instead.
Click the ""Copy"" button under the ""Embed Code"" box.
Then click the ""Close"" button.
In the Bb Learn wiki page web browser tab or window, paste the embed code where you want it to appear.


Embed code appears in wiki ""Content"" or description text box.


Click ""Submit"" to save changes.
If you see a message that says ""Flash Player is blocked.""
If you see a black box instead of the video, click the black box.
Click the white right arrow or triangle, click it to play the video.

Need video to be larger? Click the full screen icon in lower right of video."
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Zoom -- Scheduling
Managing Privacy, Security, and Users
Be sure to review Managing Users, Privacy, and Security Measures at the link below.
Zoom -- Managing Users, Privacy, and Security Measures
Video Instructions -- Zoom Scheduling
https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us/articles/201362413-Scheduling-meetings
Zoom Sign-In -- Written Instructions
Visit https://drexel.zoom.us
Click ""Sign in Standard.""
Login with your DrexelOne userid@drexel.edu and DrexelOne password.
Emeritus Faculty Only: You may need to use your Drexel email address that contains your fist name, (usually) middle initial, and last name followed by @drexel.edu.
Example: michael.j.galloway@drexel.edu
If the Zoom app opens instead & asks for you to login:
Click “SSO” or ""Sign in with SSO."" (SSO = Single Sign-On)
Use “drexel.zoom.us” as the “company domain” in the prompt.
Click “Continue.""

Click “Open link” or similar to use “zoom.us” to open the link/application.
Click “Schedule” to schedule meetings.


Click “Meetings” in left navigation panel.
Click “Schedule a New Meeting.”
Zoom Scheduling -- Written Instructions
Go to & login to https://drexel.zoom.us
See section below if issues with logging in.
Fill in the form.
For “Topic,” give meeting name or host's name,
meeting date, start time through end time, time zone,
building name, room number.
Recommended: Keep it short as possible.
Example: OLC ETC Mtg, Fri, 9/28/18, 3-4pm Eastern, Rush 137
In “When”, put in day of meeting and start time.
REMEMBER to select AM or PM.
Enter “Duration.""
Select “Time Zone.”
Usually Eastern or GMT -4 Eastern.
If you want “Recurring meetings,” check that box.
Then specify how often the meeting will reoccur.
If you have a meeting that changes day/date/time,
under “Recurrence,” select “No Fixed Time.”
Leave Video “off” for both “Host” and “Participant.”
Attendees/Participants can turn their video on themselves.
For “Audio,” choose “Both.""
So you can choose telephone or computer audio.
Helps with audio problems in particular.
Under “Meeting Options,” check “Enable join before host.
Choose “Record to the Cloud.""
If you wish, check “Record the meeting automatically.”
Helps if you don't want to forget to record a meeting.
Do not check anything else.
Click “Save.”
If you wish to have people register for a meeting:
Great idea if you have large meetings,
or if you are publicly posting the Zoom.
See Zoom -- Using Registration for Public Zoom Meetings
If publicly posting the Zoom:
See Zoom -- Tips for Virtual Walk-In Meetings or if Zoom Link on Public Website
Scroll down & click “Copy the invitation.""
Copy/paste & share the invite info with others via an Outlook email.
Here is a sample invitation.
Not a real Zoom meeting.

Schedule Large or Publicly Posted Meetings
If you are scheduling a large meeting, or a meeting with the Zoom Meeting link publicly posted,
be sure to ALSO review the following, in addition to instructions below.
Using Registration for Public Zoom Meetings
Tips for Virtual Walk-In Meetings or if Zoom Link on Public Website
/display/CD/Zoom+--+Tips+for+Virtual+Walk-In+Meetings+or+if+Zoom+Link+on+Public+Website
Schedule a Zoom Meeting for Someone Else
Zoom -- Scheduling for Someone Else -- Delegated Access
Telephone-Only Conference Call
Schedule a Zoom meeting.
   •  As shown above.
But only share 1 or 2 of the Zoom meeting phone numbers, plus the Meeting ID.
Phone number & meeting ID are in the email or calendar invite.
International calls will cost money. International participants should attend by computer only to avoid charges.
Deleted a Meeting and Need to Recover?
Recover Deleted Meeting or Recording
Scheduling with a password
Zoom -- Scheduling Meetings with a Password"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Zoom -- Polling
IMPORTANT NOTE: ""Only the original meeting host can edit or add polls during a meeting. If the host or co-host role is transferred to another user, that user will only be able to launch polls already created."" (From Zoom link below).
Note:
As long as you are not clicking “Host a Meeting” in the upper right (once logged into https://drexel.zoom.us ),
and as long as you have “Polling” enabled on the “Settings” page (it's enabled by default),
all other Zoom meetings where you are the only host or one of the co-hosts will let you do “Polling”
without setting that up ahead of time.
You can copy paste your Personal Meeting Zoom link from the profile page
or schedule a meeting to have a Zoom meeting with a Poll.
For how to conduct a poll during a Zoom meeting:
https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us/articles/213756303-Polling-for-Meetings"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Find Your Kaltura Audio or Video After Upload -- See Also
See Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Finding Your Kaltura Audio or Video After It Is Uploaded"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Echo360 Information
echo360 -- Advanced and Additional Topics
echo360 -- Editing Class Recordings
echo360 -- First Use in Bb Learn
echo360 -- How to Tell if Recording
echo360 -- Making Class Recordings Unavailable
echo360 -- mobile device use and troubleshooting
echo360 -- Q and A Feature
echo360 -- Troubleshooting
echo360 -- Turning Downloads Off for your Class
echo360 -- Uploading and Editing Video and Polling or Adding a Quiz
NEEDS UPDATE - echo360 -- Muting the Microphone during a Recording or Broadcast"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Zoom -- Student-Made Meeting Rooms, Share between Students
Introduction
This would be good way of having students create their own little ""Zoom rooms"" at will that others could not enter.
And that an instructor does not have to create. 
(But instructors cannot audit or record the group work using this method, unless you ask students to share recordings and gather them, and that will be a lot of work for the instructor.)
One Student Quickly Schedules and Shares a Meeting
1 student in group does the following:
Log into Zoom via https://drexel.zoom.us 
Click Sign In Standard> Meetings > Schedule a Zoom meeting.
Make no changes.
Just click ""Save"" at bottom.
Then the student either...
Clicks ""Copy the Invitation"" > ""Copy Meeting Invitation.""
The pastes info into email & send email to 1 or more other students in group.
OR...
Gives the ""Meeting ID"" to the 2nd student (or other student group members)
who then visit https://zoom.us
or
https://drexel.zoom.us
Then click ""Join Meeting,"" 
How to Make Another Meeting Quickly
In first Zoom meeting,
click ""Leave Meeting"" > ""End Meeting (for All)"" or ""Leave Meeting"" (again).
Log into Zoom via https://drexel.zoom.us in a new web browser tab.
Click ""Meetings.""
Click ""Delete"" next to meeting that just ended.
a. Then ""Delete"" again.
b. Delete the wrong meeting?
See Recover Deleted Meeting or Recording
Follow the steps in the ""One Student Quickly Schedules and Shares a Meeting"" section above."
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
echo360 -- Attendance Unlikely to Be Affected by Recordings
A common reason to not record a lecture is concerns that students will not come to class.
echo360 provides the webpage below to explain how that's unlikely. If you know of meta-analyses or systematic reviews or reviews of multiple studies to the contrary, please feel free to share them with us.
""Does Lecture Capture Help Students? Five Studies that End the Debate""
http://blog.echo360.com/does-lecture-capture-help-students-five-studies-that-end-the-debate"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Zoom -- Set Only Authenticated Users OR Only Drexel Users
RECOMMENDED -- Only Drexel-authenticated users can join meetings
Except for meetings open to the public, 
*EVERYONE* should do this to ensure everyone in your meeting first logged in by Drexel Connect.
So only Drexel people are attending.
Login to https://drexel.zoom.us
Click ""Settings""
Click to turn on/right the ""Only authenticated users can join meetings"" option.
If ""Drexel Zoom"" is not the ""Default"" option,
click ""Edit"" next to ""Drexel Zoom,""
check ""Set as default authentication option,""
make sure ""drexel.zoom.us,drexel.edu"" (no quotes) are entered,
and click ""Save.""
You honestly might not even be able to edit this.
Also, click to turn on ""Only authenticated users can join meetings from Web client"" option.

To enable/disable again for all future Zoom meetings, all scheduled Zoom meetings, and for your Personal Meeting ID Zoom room:
Make this the default for all future meetings.
Login to https://drexel.zoom.us
Click ""Settings"" > ""Only authenticated users can join meetings"" (scroll down to see) >
click switch to go right.
Enable for a scheduled meeting.
Login to https://drexel.zoom.us
Click ""Meetings"" >
check ""Only authenticated users can join meetings"" (scroll down to ""Meeting Options"").
Enable for your Personal Meeting ID.
Login to https://drexel.zoom.us
Click ""Sign In Standard"" > ""Meetings"" > ""Personal Meeting Room"" >
check ""Only authenticated users can join meetings"" (scroll down to ""Meeting Options"").
ALSO, direct Drexel students/staff/faculty to link below for redirect issues and to make it easier/faster for them to join Zoom meetings.
Login or Registration or Redirect Issues
Visit Managing Users, Privacy, and Security Measures for more helpful Zoom privacy & security tips."
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Adding Media to Bb Learn -- Student Instructions
Creating Videos & Screen Recordings to Upload
While you can record video and even screen record in Kaltura,
there are lots of free options for you, all covered at the link below.
Recording Video on a Computer and Adding to Bb Learn -- aka Screen Record
Zoom is covered above as well.
You definitely can host a 1-person meeting & record yourself and/or your screen.
And the Zoom recording will auto-upload (auto-backup) to Kaltura or Drexel Streams.
If you login to Zoom with your Drexel username/password
using the SSO or Single Sign-On option.
Upload/Post Videos in Bb Learn with Kaltura
Kaltura is an embedded tool that lets you easily embed your uploaded Drexel Streams videos into Bb Learn assignment or discussion board or more.
Quick Instructions -- Submitting through Discussion Board
>>>>>SP 23 CI -102 LOOK HERE!<<<<<
NOTE: It looks like DU IT & Blackboard removed the circled + sign icon (even after clicking the ... icon) in the Discussion Board toolbar. But the method below does not rely on this, and will still work.
Student visits https://drexel.edu/it/streams in their web browser. Logs in with Drexel Connect userid and password, if prompted.
The Drexel Streams (Kaltura) website will appear.
Click ""My Media"" if video is already uploaded.
Or if video not uploaded:
click ""+Add New"" > ""Media Upload"" to upload a video.
Check box to agree to terms and conditions.
Click area or button to upload video.
Find and upload video on computer.
Wait for video to upload.
Click Save.
Wait for ""Your changes have been saved' message.
Click ""Go to My Media.""
Click title of video.
Scroll under video to ""ACTIONS,"" and click ""Publish"", then ""Unlisted,"" then ""Save.""
Click the ""Share"" tab. Copy the link under ""Link to Media Page.""
Paste the link to the video in the discussion board for submitting the presentation.
Quick Instructions -- Submit by Assignment Submission Link
>>>>>SP 23 CI -103 LOOK HERE!<<<<<
Click the Assignment Submission link for your video presentation in the Bb Learn course section.
You'll then be on the Assignment submission page.
Click ""Write Submission"" button.
In the large text box, click the ... icon on the far right to expand the toolbar.
You'll see 2 rows of toolbars after that.
Click the circled + sign.
Select the ""Kaltura Media Item.""
If you haven't upload your video yet:
Click ""+Add Item.""
Click ""Media Upload.""
Choose a file to upload.
Find the video file on your computer & select/open the video file to upload it.
Click ""Save and Embed.""
If you already uploaded a video to Kaltura or Drexel Streams:
Click ""Save and Embed"" video next to the video you want to submt.
The video should appear in the large text box.
Click ""Submit"" to submit your video presentation.
Detailed Instructions
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Embed Kaltura Audio or Video in Any Bb Learn Text Box
OR...
DU IT's/ITG's VIDEO: Submit a Video from Drexel Streams as an Assignment in Blackboard Learn
BE SURE to look at the next section too,
especially if the above method is not viable for submitting something for your class assignment or project.
Drexel Streams to Create Video Links for Anyone
Drexel Streams lets you modify the sharing permissions
to Unlisted on videos you upload
and quickly copy a link you can paste into emails or anywhere to share with others.
Unlisted is much better than any Published video option for this, generally.
For how to do this, see:
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Sharing Kaltura Audio or Video with Non-Drexel Users
Problems Uploading
Try again.
Sometimes Kaltura or Drexel Streams has flukes.
Also, close/re-open your web browser.
Or try a different web browser.
If the video is said to be incompatible or too large,
Handbrake has been the free go-to for a long time to quickly solve those issues.
For how to us Handbrake this, see:
Handbrake -- Smaller Video File Size or Converting Video
Quick Notes
Drexel Streams = Kaltura... mostly.
Drexel Streams and Kaltura are more or less the same.
The links below DO NOT SUBMIT videos to assignments or instructors. They are just good to know for this purpose, but there's more to submitting such assignments.
Drexel Streams is at:
https://drexel.edu/it/streams
or...
https://1513041.mediaspace.kaltura.com/
& has more features.
Kaltura is embedded in Bb Learn & lets you easily post in Bb Learn. Fewer features, though.
Same videos. Same backend service.
More on all of this below. 
Uploading Video, Audio, Media to Drexel Streams
It sometimes is easier or more helpful to upload a video you made to Drexel Streams directly, rather than through Bb Learn.

The links below DO NOT SUBMIT videos to assignments or instructors. 
They are just good to know for this purpose, but there's more to submitting such assignments.

Access Drexel Streams at:
https://drexel.edu/it/streams
or...
https://1513041.mediaspace.kaltura.com/
& login with Drexel userid/password.

Click +ADD NEW > Media Upload > agree to the terms, if prompted > and then ""Choose a file to upload. Follow on-screen instructions.

Again, this DOES NOT SUBMIT videos to assignments or instructors. 

It just helps towards that end.
Finding Uploaded Video, Audio, Media in Drexel Streams
It can be easier to search Drexel Streams for videos you uploaded via Kaltura to Bb Learn, rather than in Bb Learn..
Or you are in Drexel Streams and want to find a video, so here's how.

Go to Drexel Streams at:
https://drexel.edu/it/streams
or...
https://1513041.mediaspace.kaltura.com/
Click ""My Media"" & search or browse.
Even More Information on Kaltura or Drexel Streams
See:
DU IT's/ITG's VIDEO TUTORIALS on Kaltura or Drexel Streams
NOTE: You cannot make anyone a co-editor, co-publisher, or co-viewer
if that person hasn’t visited or logged into
Kaltura Drexel Streams at:
https://drexel.edu/it/streams
or...
https://1513041.mediaspace.kaltura.com/
Generally, this isn't necessary, though."
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Zoom not working and Troubleshooting
Basic Troubleshooting
Make sure webcam is not covered.
Uninstall Zoom completely from the computer Zoom isn't working on.
How to uninstall in Windows 10.
Download & install Zoom again.
Use the SSO or Single-sign on option to sign in.
Screenshare Shortcut Key
If someone cannot figure out how to screenshare, especially if you are trying to assist them, tell them to use the following shortcut key combination
Alt + S
Tell them to press and hold the Alt key. And then keep the Alt key held down, while they tap the S key once. Repeat these instructions slowy for a non-tech savvy user.
This shortcut allows the user to screen-share without having to find the share button
Echoes and Sound Artifacts
If possible, use a headset with a microphone, or AirPods or very good alternatives.
NO cheap bluetooth headphones with mics!
Your own external speakers play audio that the microphone picks up.
And others in the meeting could have the same thing going on.
It's a lot for echo cancellation to handle at times.
AirPods or headsets reduce what microphones pick-up, except for your own voice.
Everyone in the same physical room as the host user
should *mute their computer microphones and computer speaker volume.*

The host user is the exception.
The host user should NOT mute their computer microphone and computer speakers...
UNLESS the host use is using a phone or speakerphone for audio.
Then the host indeed should mute their computer microphone & computer speakers.
Zoom Lags or Freezes or Audio is Delayed
Try one or more of these suggestions.
All hosts, presenters, panelists, or participants:
mute your audio if you are not speaking much.
All hosts, presenters, panelists, or participants:
turn off your video, unless truly needed.
Instructors or others requiring video to appear may need to be flexible on that requirement.
If someone is screen sharing, have that person stop,
and adjust the resolution on their computer to 1920 x 1080p (or i) or below.
Then re-share screen.
Any scaling you choose is fine.
Close any open applications or browser tabs or windows not needed for the meeting.
Closing non-essential apps in the lower right (System Tray) in Windows,
or upper right (Menu Bar) in Mac, if you can.
Click the ^ in Windows (lower right) and right-click.
Close any messaging apps, Adobe apps, Microsoft apps not needed for this meeting.
Leave the Zoom meeting.
Update the Zoom app installed on your computer.
Re-enter the meeting.
Try updating Zoom. See link below.
Zoom Updating or Updates
Participants on their own personal WiFi network
might to try shutting down any other devices
on their personal WiFi network
to increase the overall available bandwidth.
Recovering a Deleted a Scheduled Meeting or a Recording
Zoom -- Recover Deleted Meeting or Recording
Invalid Meeting ID or Invalid Meeting Number Error
Zoom -- Invalid Meeting ID or Invalid Meeting Number
Zoom Crashes
Try one or more of these suggestions.
See what we suggest in the Zoom Lags or Freezes or Audio is Delayed section above.
If you are using another application, and Zoom is crashing:
uninstall/reinstall that application.
Use with OneNote has been an issue at times. Close OneNote.
Close and use less than 8 tabs in whatever web browser you have. 
Removing unknown or unused add-ons and extensions and clearing cache/history can help.
Link below has instructions.
Clear Browser Cache & History.
Do not use ""Gallery"" mode. It is resource intensive.
More info:
https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us/articles/201362323-Changing-the-video-layout-Active-Speaker-View-and-Gallery-View-
Uninstall & reinstall Zoom.
Reboot your device.
In the Zoom app, go to
Settings > Video Settings > Advanced.
Under ""Use hardware acceleration for"", uncheck ALL option.
If you still have problems after trying all the above,
try to change ""Video Rendering Method"" to ""Direct3D11.""
You may also want to Google this:
Best Zoom Video Rendering Method
and include the make, model, and/or OS of your computer in the search phrase.
If the above does not help, doing a more thorough update of drives, BIOS,
and such can help in Windows.
See link below.
Properly Update Windows 10 & Drivers in Windows 10
If nothing above helps, or you need other help with Drexel CCI classes or meetings, please reach out to ihelp@drexel.edu for further assistance."
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
QuickTime -- Converting Other Media
Here is how you can use QuickTime to convert other audio, video, or media to another format by screen recording it while it plays on your Mac.
To prevent unwanted audio during the recording, if you have two 3.5 mm audio ports, one for ""headphones"" (""lineout"") and one for ""microphone"" (""mic"" or ""linein""), find a 3.5 mm cord with a male plug at both ends, and plug the cord (or plug the plug) into the ""headphone"" and then the ""microphone"" ports or jacks on your computer. Make sure your screen recorder is not set to pick up computer audio. Then play the video and see if the screen recorder is picking up audio. Then do a test recording to see how it sounds.
If you don't have a ""lineout"" and ""linein"" 3.5 mm audio port on your computer, you can find USB-to-3.5 mm adapters (converters) on Amazon for less than $10 that have .
Here are example images of a 3.5 mm cord with a male plug at both ends.

 -by-step instructions for making such a screen recording using QuickTime on a Mac are below.
Review the webpage below for how to screen record with ""QuickTime.""
QuickTime -- Screen Recording Instructions
Open the video, audio, or other media on your Mac. Expand the window with this media and the contents of the window as large as possible without losing any wanted visuals.
Click the green circle in upper left of a window to expand it so that it takes up the entire display.
To return to the window to normal size, move your mouse pointer to the top of the computer display, and take your hands off your Mac's touch pad or mouse for 2-3 seconds. You'll see the top of the window appear, and then you can click the green circle again.
You can keep a window maximized but switch between another Window in recent Mac OS or macOS by placing 3 fingers on the touch pad and swiping left on the touchpad. Swipe 3 fingers right to go back to the maximized window.
Switch between applications using the keyboard:
Press and hold the ⌘ key (also known as ""command"" or ""cmd""), and then press ""tab"" once while holding the ⌘ key down.
The ""Application Switcher"" window appears.
While holding the ⌘ key, press the ""tab"" key one or more times to select an application to the right.
While holding the ⌘ key, press the ` key one or more times to select an application to the left.
Switch between multiple open windows for the same application, like an internet browser.
Press and hold the ⌘ key (also known as ""command"" or ""cmd""), and then press ' one or more times while holding the ⌘ key down to select the desired window.
Open up the QuickTime application on your Mac.
If you switch to a different application on your Mac then QuickTime, you'll likely have to open QuickTime again.
When QuickTime is open, if you right-click the QuickTime icon in the ""Dock"" or set of icons at the bottom of the Mac computer display, select ""Options,"" and select ""Keep in Dock,"" you can more easily access ""QuickTime.""
If a pop-up window for selecting files appears, click ""Done"" in lower right.
Click ""File"" and then ""New Screen Recording.""
Set the microphone in ""QuickTime"" to be ""Line In.""

Make sure the volume slider line is slid all the way to the left.

Set your Mac computer's volume to be about 75-80% of maximum.
Click the apple icon in upper left of computer display, select ""System Preferences,"" click ""Sound,"" click ""Output,"" and move the slider accordingly.
Or click the speaker icon (if available) in upper right of computer display, and move the slider accordingly.
 Find a 3.5 mm cord with a male plug at both ends, and plug the cord (or plug the plug) into the ""headphone"" and then the ""microphone"" ports or jacks on your computer.
Switch to the window with the media and start playing the media or running the media presentation.
Switch back to the QuickTime window, and check that audio level indicator is moving (meaning that audio is being picked up).
You usually want twice as many white bars appearing on average as shown in the following image.

Switch to the window with the media, stop playing the media, and set the media back to the beginning.
Check how long the media will play for.
Start the recording.
You may want to just do a test recording for 10-20 seconds first, and see what you get. Then discard the test recording.
Switch to the window with the media and start playing the media from the start.
Move your mouse cursor to the far left or right, and as far out of sight as possible.
Don't move it down or up.
Set a timer (most mobile devices have them built-in to clock applications with timers) for the length of the recording.
Wait for the media to play through, and don't do anything else on the computer playing the media.
When the timer expires, check that the media has finished playing, and stop the screen recording.
In ""QuickTime,"" use the ""Trim"" feature under ""Edit"" and then ""Trim"" to remove unwanted video from the start and end of the recording.
Start at the right side, and move the right end of the yellow box right to set where the video will end.
Note that if you move the slider, and then stop moving the slider without releasing it, QuickTime will ""zoom in"" so that you can move the slider over much shorter time intervals more easily.
Move the left end of the yellow box left to set where the video will start.
If you start on the left, then do the right side, you often have to redo the left side again.
Note that if you move the slider, and then stop moving the slider without releasing it, QuickTime will ""zoom in"" so that you can move the slider over much shorter time intervals more easily.
You can play the video within the yellow box to see what is still included and click different points in the movie timeline.
Click ""Trim"" when finished editing start and end of the video.
Save the video where you want with what name you want on your Mac."
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Microsoft Teams Member and User Management
Tagged with: permission channel microsoft teams users microsoft members users guests permissions guest microsoft teams members teams microsoft teams member people user channels
You can add anyone to a Team in Microsoft Teams as an owner, member, or guests. Guests are external to the Drexel organization (not students, not employees, not faculty, not paid researchers). No one can have access to a channel in a Team in Microsoft Teams if they are not a member, guest, or owner for that Team. However, you can use Private Channels if you want select members and guests of that Team to see that channel and its contents.
Creating Standard vs Private Channels.
Private channels have select members or guests only with access to that channel, rather than everyone in the team, like a Standard Channel.
https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/office/create-a-standard-or-private-channel-in-teams-fda0b75e-5b90-4fb8-8857-7e102b014525
Permission Level Differences for Team Roles Explained
https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/office/team-owner-member-and-guest-capabilities-in-teams-d03fdf5b-1a6e-48e4-8e07-b13e1350ec7b
Add guests to a team in Teams
https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/office/add-guests-to-a-team-in-teams-fccb4fa6-f864-4508-bdde-256e7384a14f
Set guest permissions for channels in Teams
https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/office/set-guest-permissions-for-channels-in-teams-4756c468-2746-4bfd-a582-736d55fcc169
Add Regular Team Members
https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/office/add-members-to-a-team-in-teams-aff2249d-b456-4bc3-81e7-52327b6b38e9
More on Teams
https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/office/Teams-and-channels-df38ae23-8f85-46d3-b071-cb11b9de5499"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Zoom -- Webinars for Large Virtual Meetings or Talks or Lectures
If you login to https://drexel.zoom.us , and click ""Webinars,"" you'll see this line:
""Zoom Video Webinars allow you to easily conduct large online events with
video, audio and screen sharing for up to 100 video participants and 10,000 attendees.""
Which aptly describes Zoom Webinars.
Really, any event with more than 50 people,
and especially events with non-Drexel attendees,
are great candidates for Zoom webinars.
Zoom webinars are NOT something to use for Drexel CCI classes, though.
Zoom webinars are ideally suited for larger,
less frequent events where you only want a select few to be able
to talk, share video, or use their webcams,
and the select few are usually the presenters, hosts or co-hosts, or moderators.
To arrange a Zoom webinar, email ihelp@drexel.edu with the following information.
Date of event
Start time
End time (estimated)
# of participants (estimated or desired)
Who is speaking?
Who should be included as co-hosts or moderators?
Include faculty and professional staff
who may answer or moderate chat questions,
or how need to mute/unmute audience microphones,
which are muted in webinars by default.
More Information on Zoom Webinars from Zoom
Meeting and webinar comparison
https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us/articles/115005474943-Meeting-and-webinar-comparison
Roles in a webinar
https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us/articles/360000252726
Getting started with Question & Answer (Q&A) in webinars
https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us/articles/203686015#h_78b48699-e323-4f45-87d9-37b1ad5273b7
Webinar practice session
https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us/articles/206316975
Roles in a meeting
https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us/articles/360040324512-Roles-in-a-meeting"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Adding Media to Bb Learn via Kaltura or Drexel Streams
Tagged with: kaltura kaltura media drexel streams kaltura quiz
Introduction
Kaltura Drexel Streams is the recommended video and audio repository for Bb Learn or any Drexel videos. One Kaltura audio or video file in Bb Learn can be shared in multiple different Bb Learn course sections, conserving server storage space. And Kaltura video is easily playable by students and instructors in the major internet browsers.
IMPORTANT!!!!!
Do NOT link to Zoom cloud recordings! They are deleted in 18 weeks.
ONLY use Kaltura Drexel Streams when uploading videos to Bb Learn.
Do NOT upload videos directly to Bb Learn!
It slows down Bb Learn & costs the university MUCH more money.
Simple Instructions
Go to your Bb Learn course section.
Enter a ""Week"" or other content area.
Click ""Build Content"" > ""Kaltura Media.""
Wait 5-10 seconds.
Select your video.
Or...
Click ""+Add Media"" and upload media.
Follow the on-screen instructions.
Example of a content area.
Many content areas are ""Week 1"" or ""Week 2"" or similar.

More In-Depth Instructions
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Adding Kaltura Audio or Video to a Content Area -- Instructors Only
Add to a Text Box:
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Embed Kaltura Audio or Video in Any Bb Learn Text Box
Video Tutorials on using Kaltura or Drexel Streams
DU IT's/ITG's VIDEO TUTORIALS on Kaltura or Drexel Streams
Uploading Directly to Drexel Streams -- Playable by Anyone with Link
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Uploading Directly to Drexel Streams -- Playable by Anyone with Link
Video Assignments in Bb Learn
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Video Assignments or Discussion Board Posts in Bb Learn
Student Instructions
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Adding Media to Bb Learn -- Student Instructions
Allow Download of Videos
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Allow Downloads
Light Video Editing in Kaltura Drexel Streams
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Edit Video or Video Settings
Drexel ITG Resources
https://drexel.edu/it/help/a-z/kaltura/tutorials/
Other Useful Topics
Recording Video on a Computer and Adding to Bb Learn -- aka Screen Record
Kaltura Capture
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Finding Your Kaltura Audio or Video After It Is Uploaded
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Sharing Kaltura Audio or Video with Non-Drexel Users
Captions
Troubleshooting
Check the status of the Kaltura service at the website below.
https://status.kaltura.com/
If you have issues uploading, try the following.
Simply try again.
Try in a different web browser.
If the video is more than 1 GB, try splitting the video into 2 parts.
Use free Handbrake app to convert the video to a smaller size & widely accepted formats (as well as encoding)
Handbrake -- Smaller Video File Size or Converting Video
If working from home...
At least 25 Mbps download and 5 Mbps upload are recommended, if possible.
Slower upload speeds could lead to timeouts with very large video files.
Keywords: Kaltura, Kaltura, Kaltura, Kaltura"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
echo360 -- Troubleshooting
Troubleshooting a Flashing Video Feed
Troubleshooting Live Broadcast Issues
Troubleshooting on a mobile device
Troubleshooting Recording Playback Issues"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Zoom -- Maximum Attendees and Breakout Rooms
Every Drexel faculty, student and staff has Drexel pro Zoom account.
Drexel pro Zoom account can host up to 300 participants for a meeting.
You can have all 300 participants in 1 breakout room.
You can have up to 50 breakout rooms.
Up to 200 participants can be pre-assigned to breakout rooms.
If a larger room(more than 300 people) is needed for zoom meeting,
please contact ihelp@drexel.edu
if you are Drexel CCI faculty/students/staff.
Note: Only the main room gets recorded.
Record Zoom Breakout Rooms
For additional information about Drexel Zoom & breakout rooms:
https://drexel.edu/it/help/a-z/zoom/zoomfaq/
https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us/articles/206476313-Managing-Breakout-Rooms#h_1660846b-7d2d-4a87-b8a6-efe29a61759a"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
QuickTime -- Recovering a Video
If you just recorded a video in QuickTime, and try to save the ""Untitled"" or not yet saved video, and you get a window pop-up that says ""Cannot Open,"" or for some reason just can't save the video…
Keep the unsaved video open.
If you close or have closed the unsaved video, you may lose the video.
Open Finder or click a blank area of your desktop.
Press keyboard combination of Cmd-Shift-g or go to the ""Go"" option in ""Finder.""
Type in the following folder path in the field provided, and click ""OK.""
~/Library/Containers/com.apple.QuickTimePlayerX/Data/Library/Autosave Information/
Note that you can just type in the first ~/Library/Containers or so, press OK, and click through to the rest.
Look for a file called ""Unsaved QuickTime Player Document.qtpxcomposition,"" or something similar.
Right-click or ctrl-click or 2-finder clicker the file, and select ""Show Package Contents.""
Copy the ""Screen Recording.mov"" file to your desktop.
Open the ""Scree Recording.mov"" file on your desktop and confirm it's the recording you want.
If you have the right recording, close without saving the ""Untitled"" or not yet saved video window. You do not need it now.
Rename the ""Scree Recording.mov"" file on your desktop as something appropriate.
 Thanks to stackexchange and Matt Sephton for posting this tip at webpage below.
https://apple.stackexchange.com/questions/317842/cannot-open-when-trying-to-save-screen-recording-in-quicktime-player"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
echo360 -- Sharing an Individual Class Recording -- for Instructors
Introduction
Some instructors choose to have their classes recorded in echo360 but to have these recordings be unavailable to students by default.
This webpage explains how an instructor can share the recording of a particular lecture or class with one student or a select number of students when the recordings for this class are unavailable to students by default.
Students will access these recordings at the https://echo360.org website, outside of Bb Learn.
*INSTRUCTORS: It is your responsibility to inform students if your class is being recorded but that these recordings are unavailable.*
You will be contacted multiple times before the start of a quarter if your class is going to be recorded.
We HIGHLY RECOMMEND obtaining department head, assistant department head, or program director approval before sharing class recordings with anyone who wasn't enrolled as an instructor, course assistant, or student in the class.
Logging into echo360
You can login to echo360 to find your class recordings at https://echo360.org.
Your login email address is going to be your long form Drexel email address.
   (a) For example: Mike Galloway's long form Drexel email address is michael.j.galloway@drexel.edu.
Your password is going to be your Bb Learn or DrexelOne password, unless you changed it in Echo360
   (a) If you forgot your password, or have password problems, click the ""Forgot your password?"" link on the https://echo360.org webpage.
If you do not know your long form Drexel email address, here's how to find it.
   (a) Login to Bb Learn at http://learn.drexel.edu using your DrexelOne username and password.
   (b) Click your name in the upper right corner of the Bb Learn webpage.
   (c) Click ""Settings.""
   (d) Click ""Personal Information.""
   (e) Click ""Edit Personal Information.""
   (f) Copy your email address.
           i.  Note that you cannot change your email address or password in Bb Learn.
   (g) Click ""Cancel.""
Method 1 -- Contact Us and Ask Us to Share the Class Recording
If you want us to share the recording of one of your classes, contact ihelp@drexel.edu with this request, and provide the following information:
Full name of student or of each student who need access to the recording
Academic quarter and year of class (for example: FA 16-17 or Fall 2016)
Subject code, course number, and section number of class (for example: INFO-519-002)
Date and time of the recording to share
If downloads of recordings are allowed (if not provided, we'll assume they are not)
Method 2 -- Share the Class Recording Yourself
If a student is not in echo360 already, you'll need to use Method 1 above.
Here is how to share a recording of a class with a student or select students in this scenario.
Obtain the full name and email address from the student or each of the students to whom you are giving access.
   (a) The ""Users"" page in your Bb Learn course shell will tell you this information.
            i.  The instructions at the webpage below will tell you how to find this page and obtain names and email addresses of students in your class.
                   1.  Bb Learn Users
If you don't want this student or these students who are being given access to the recording to be able to download the recordings, follow the instructions on the webpage below, and then return to this webpage.
   (a) echo360 -- Turning Downloads Off for your Class
Login to echo360, if you haven't already, at https://echo360.org.
   (a) Your login email address is going to be your long form Drexel email address.
            i.  For example: Mike Galloway's long form Drexel email address is michael.j.galloway@drexel.edu. Yours may not include the middle initial and may include numbers.
   (b) Your password is going to be your Bb Learn or DrexelOne password, unless you changed it in echo360
            i.  If you forgot your password, or have password problems, click the ""Forgot your password?"" link on the https://echo360.orgwebpage.
   (c) If you do not know your long form Drexel email address, here's how to find it.
            i.   Method 1: Visit the Drexel Directory webpage below, and look your long form Drexel email address up using your name in last name, first name format for the search terms.
                    1.  http://drexel.edu/about/contact/
            ii.  Method 2:
                    1.  Login to Bb Learn at http://learn.drexel.edu using your DrexelOne username and password.
                    2.  Click your name in the upper right corner of the Bb Learn webpage.
                    3.  Click ""Settings, then ""Personal Information,"" then ""Edit Personal Information."" Copy your long form Drexel email address. Click ""Cancel.""
                    4.  Note that you cannot change your email address or password in Bb Learn.
Click ""LIBRARY"" in the upper left of the echo360 webpage.
Find the class you want to share.
Click the class you want to share.
Click ""SHARING.""
Click ""SHARE.""
Enter the email address of a student to share the class recording.
Click ""SHARE.""
If you get an error message that the student isn't in the system, see the Method 1 section above.
If you see a green success message and the student's name added to the ""Sharing..."" area, then the recording has been shared with the student.
Repeat steps 7-11 to share the recording with other students.
Click the ""X"" in the upper right of the webpage when finished, and logout of echo360 if you wish.
Share with students the following webpage with instructions on how to access echo360 outside of Bb learn.
   (a) echo360 -- Accessing Lecture Recordings Outside of Bb Learn -- Instructors Only
Removing Access for One or More Students to a Class Recording
Here is how you can remove access for one or more students to a class recording who were given access by one of the above methods.
Login to echo360, if you haven't already, at https://echo360.org.
   (a) Your login email address is going to be your long form Drexel email address.
            i.    For example: Mike Galloway's long form Drexel email address is michael.j.galloway@drexel.edu.
   (b) Your password is going to be your Bb Learn or DrexelOne password, unless you changed it in Echo360
            i.     If you forgot your password, or have password problems, click the ""Forgot your password?"" link on the https://echo360.orgwebpage.
    (c) If you do not know your long form Drexel email address, here's how to find it.
            i.     Login to Bb Learn at http://learn.drexel.edu using your DrexelOne username and password.
            ii.    Click your name in the upper right corner of the Bb Learn webpage.
            iii.   Click ""Settings.""
            iv.    Click ""Personal Information.""
            v.     Click ""Edit Personal Information.""
            vi.    Copy your email address.
                       1.  Note that you cannot change your email address or password in Bb Learn.
            vii.   Click ""Cancel.""
Click ""LIBRARY"" in the upper left of the echo360 webpage.
Find the class you want to modify.
Click the class you want to modify.
Click ""SHARING.""
In the ""Sharing..."" area, click the X in the row of each student whose access you want to remove, and click ""OK.""
   (a) There is a check box you can check to select all students if you wish.
Click the ""X"" in the upper right of the webpage when finished, and logout of echo360 if you wish."
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Zoom -- Inviting guest to join a zoom meeting as Alternate Host
1. Open Zoom on your pc and make sure you're signed in. 


2. Pick the date & time for the zoom meeting and make sure to uncheck the ""only authenticated users can join.""

3. Giving other people host permission

4. Copy the meeting invitation. It will be automatically copied to your keyboard

5. Create a new email and paste the invitation. Guests can use the ""Join Zoom Meeting"" link to join the zoom meeting"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Zoom -- Recordings with Playback Range - Edits Not Kept After Download
Information on Playback Range
Zoom is setting a “Playback Range” of the original recording, not modifying it.
So if the Zoom recording is downloaded,
the downloaded recording will still be the original length,
regardless of the playback range you set.
But, of course, you can edit the downloaded video file.
Note: Zoom has a loophole where students can still view the full-length videos, even in Zoom:
“Note: Playback range will not apply to users viewing cloud recordings on Internet Explorer, Safari, or on mobile devices,
if they view the recording using low bandwidth mode.”
This is unfortunate,
but there is a good chance that few if any students will see the full version.
See 3rd paragraph under
https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us/articles/115003001383-Cloud-recording-playback
Keeping Edits
If you trim the video in Kaltura or Drexel Streams, or another actual video editor,
the edits remain, even if downloaded (or played or shared).
Check Kaltura or Drexel Streams, and the “Zoom Recordings” folder in OneDrive,
but there’s a good chance that your edits in Zoom don’t carry over.
See Edit Video or Video Settings in Kaltura Drexel Streams
One useful thing to do here might be to take some screenshots of these Zoom video recording’s “Playback Range.”
See step 3 & screenshot there at link below:
https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us/articles/115003001383-Cloud-recording-playback
Save these screenshots in a folder with course number or title
in hidden-to-students folder in Bb Learn
(or OneDrive or where you will, and named what you will).
Then when you post Kaltura videos in Bb Learn of these Zoom recordings,
just find the vidoes in Drexel Streams at https://learn.dcolleget.net ,
and do the quick and lite video editing & trimming
using the time stamps shown in the “Playback Range” screenshots."
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Krisp.AI Install and Usage Instructions
Instructions on how to install Krisp.ai sound removal software
Go to the website here and download the free version of krisp.

Next page will prompt you to create an account to download the application.

Verify your email, and then the software should auto-download.

Go through the regular installer whether .exe or .pkg.

Next is to make sure your sound inputs are setup to use krisp. Below is an example screenshot.

Use the drop down menus to choose your sound settings correctly. This could be an internal mic, external mic, speakers etc. In Zoom/Teams/Skype/Whatever video conferencing software you use, you will need to select Krisp as the mic input. Also make sure to flip on the ""remove noise"" slider shown in the screenshot above.
WARNING: You only get 120 minutes a WEEK for the free version, if you need more, you will need to upgrade!"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Zoom -- Quick Test Before First Real Use
Zoom Basics
For Drexel CCI faculty, staff, students.
Log into Zoom via https://drexel.zoom.us 
   (a) Use Drexel userid & password.
Choose ""Sign In Standard""
Click ""HOST A MEETING"" (upper right).
Click ""With Video Off"" (or ""On"" -- your choice).
   (a) If prompted: Click to install Zoom
Click ""Open with zoom"" or zoom.us .
   (a) If prompted: Enter name/email if prompted.
Click ""Join With Computer Audio.""
Click & try microphone icon -- moving color fill in icon indicates audio picking up
Click & try camera -- you'll see yourself
Click & try Share -- Choose your computer screen and click ""Share"" again in lower right.
After You Join a Zoom Meeting -- Just Once per Computer
Zoom -- SSO Single Sign-On and Host Sign-In
Once you do the above,
if you click a Zoom meeting link that you created/scheduled,
you will enter as a Host.
And for other Zoom meetings links, you will enter with your Drexel Account.
Audio Issues?
Zoom -- Audio Issues and Joining by Telephone
Learn Your Personal Meeting ID
Only give this out to co-workers or people you trust not to abuse it.
Go to https://drexel.zoom.us in a new web browser tab.
Click Profile.
Look in Personal Meeting ID section
for your personal Zoom meeting link & Meeting ID.
Use that for instant Zoom meetings.
Write down your personal Zoom meeting link & Meeting ID.
Keep it where you can get to it easily.
Scheduling a Zoom Meeting
If you want to try scheduling a Zoom meeting, see link below.
Zoom -- Scheduling
More Zoom Info
Our Zoom page"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Teams -- Changing Audio
Change Windows 10 Speaker Output or Audio Output
Click speaker icon.
Then click ^ icon to choose a different speaker.

Select a speaker option.


Change Teams Settings Outside of a Meeting
(Windows) Click Start menu & open Teams app.
(Mac) Press Cmd + spacebar & search for Teams.

Click your avatar or initials icon & click Settings.

Click Devices.
Click Speakers & choose a speaker.
Choose Microphone & choose a microphone."
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Captions
Captions for a Single Video in Kaltura Drexel Streams
Upload finished videos to Kaltura Drexel Streams first.
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Adding Media to Bb Learn
Once you have a video uploaded.
Login to Kaltura Drexel Streams at:
https://drexel.edu/it/streams
or...
https://1513041.mediaspace.kaltura.com/
Click ""My Media,"" and click the link to your video.
Scroll down to ""ACTIONS"" and click ""+Captions & Enrich.""
Scroll down under ""Order Captions,"" and click ""Submit.""
There is rarely any need to change settings.
Wait 24 hours for captions to appear.
This method uses AI to auto-generate transcripts,
but the accuracy is not good enough for students who need special accommodations.
Captions for Multiple Videos
Upload finished videos to Kaltura Drexel Streams first.
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Adding Media to Bb Learn
Once you have a video uploaded:
Login to Kaltura Drexel Streams at:
https://drexel.edu/it/streams
or...
https://1513041.mediaspace.kaltura.com/
Click ""My Media.""
Check the box in front of multiple videos you want captions.
Scroll down to ""ACTIONS.""
Click ""+ Captions & Enrich.""
There is rarely any need to change settings.
Click ""Submit.""
Wait 24 hours for captions to appear.
This method use AI to auto-generate transcripts,
but the accuracy is not good enough for students who need special accommodations.
Download a Transcript
There will be timestamps in it, but you can do the following to get one, after doing the above and waiting for the captions to appear, to download captions as a file that can also be used as a transcript.
Login to Kaltura Drexel Streams at:
https://drexel.edu/it/streams
or...
https://1513041.mediaspace.kaltura.com/
Click ""My Media"" > the link to your video.
Scroll down to ""ACTIONS.""
Click ""Edit"" > ""Captions"" > down-arrow-on-box icon .
Contact ihelp@drexel.edu if you need help removing the timestamps."
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
OpenShot Video Editor
Helpful Links and Info
Download OpenShot: https://www.openshot.org/download/
OpenShot's Own User Guide: https://www.openshot.org/user-guide/
For Windows/Mac/Linux.
Video editor ONLY.
Completely free.
Upload edited video to Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Adding Media to Bb Learn
Otherwise, you greatly slowdown Bb Learn for everyone.
How to Record Your Video First
Use whatever works best for you and is available to you.
If you are not sure what to use, record yourself in a Zoom meeting, and download the video file. Instructions below.
Zoom -- Recording
Cannot Open/Edit a Video in OpenShot
Use the free Handbrake app to convert video formats, like. mov and more, to mp4 or mv4 that OpenShot can use.
Handbrake -- Smaller Video File Size or Converting Video
Basic Instructions
Click + sign.
Then select your video to add.

Right-click (ctrl-click or 2-finger click) the movie clip.
Then click ""Add to Timeline.""

Click OK to add video clip to timeline.
Agree to default settings.

Click |< to move play head to 0 seconds, or start of timeline.

If you want to add another video clip after the 1st clip.
Click >| to move play head to end of clip on timeline.

Zoom bar lets you change the time intervals between the ruler hash lines on the timeline.
Vertical scroll bar lets you scroll up and down through tracks.
Tracks let you overlay images or video (or add audio) on top of other video.
Horizontal scroll bar lets you scroll left and right, or earlier or later, on the video timeline.

If you want to actually add another video clip, click + sign again.
As before, right-click (ctrl-click or 2-finger click).
And select ""Add to Timeline"" to add another video clip to the timeline.

Cut something out in the middle of the video?
Click scissors icon.
Then click the beginning of the part of the video you want to remove.
Click the end of the part of the video you want to remove.
Click the cut-out video segment you want to remove.
Press delete or backspace key to remove it.
Saving Your Video Project & Exporting Usable Video
You need to save your project in case you want to edit it again. It'll be saved as a project file.
This project file is NOT something you can upload or share as a video.
So once you save your project file, you need to export your project as a usable video file.
Both are easy to do. Here's how.
To save your video project, click ""File"" > ""Save Project as.""

Save your project file to where you wish on your computer.
Make sure it's some place you'll be able to find later.
To export your project as a usable video file, click ""File"" > ""Export Project"" > ""Export Video.""
Export video with the default settings.
Other good export options are 1080i 30fps or 720p 30fps.

Save the video to where you wish on your computer.
Make sure it's some place you'll be able to find later.
Kaltura Drexel Streams to Put on Bb Learn or Other Sharing
Use these instructions to upload your video to Bb Learn or Kaltura Drexel Streams.
Instructors: Adding Media to Bb Learn via Kaltura or Drexel Streams
Students: Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Adding Media to Bb Learn -- Student Instructions
Problems Uploading
Try again.
Sometimes Kaltura or Drexel Streams has flukes.
Also, close/re-open your web browser.
Or try a different web browser.
If the video is said to be incompatible or too large,
Handbrake has been the free go-to for a long time to quickly solve those issues.
See Handbrake -- Smaller Video File Size or Converting Video"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
echo360 -- Live Event Attendance Guide -- Not for Classes
Physically attending the event as well? If so, turn the volume all the way down on your computer speakers before opening the live broadcast or stream for the event.
Presenting at the event? This webpage is not for presenters. Contact us using the information at the bottom of this webpage for assistance.
This guide will tell you how to attend a live event remotely at Drexel's College of Computing & Informatics (CCI) that is being live broadcast or streamed through echo360, as well as how to post and respond to questions, exit the live event, and logout of echo360.
If you don't already have an echo360 account for Drexel CCI, find the email recently sent to you from echo360 and complete your registration on https://echo360.org.
   (a) Record your login email address and password for echo360.
If you do have already have an echo360 account for Drexel CCI, login to echo360 at https://echo360.org. 
   (a) Your login email address is going to be your long form Drexel email address.
            i.   For example: Mike Galloway's long form Drexel email address is michael.j.galloway@drexel.edu. Yours may not include the middle initial and may include numbers.
   (b) Your password is going to be your Bb Learn or DrexelOne password, unless you changed it in echo360
            i.   If you forgot your password, or have password problems, click the ""Forgot your password?"" link on the https://echo360.org webpage.
   (c) If you do not know your long form Drexel email address, here's how to find it.
            i.   Method 1: Visit the Drexel Directory webpage below, and look your long form Drexel email address up using your name in last name, first name format for the search terms.
                    1.  http://drexel.edu/about/contact/
            ii.  Method 2:
                    1.  Login to Bb Learn at http://learn.drexel.edu using your DrexelOne username and password.
                    2.  Click your name in the upper right corner of the Bb Learn webpage.
                    3.  Click ""Settings, then ""Personal Information,"" then ""Edit Personal Information."" Copy your long form Drexel email address. Click ""Cancel.""
                    4.  Note that you cannot change your email address or password in Bb Learn.
At the day and time of the event, login to https://echo360.org in a new internet browser tab or window.
   (a) If you forget your password, click the ""Forgot your password?"" link on the webpage.
If you don't already see the ""DASHBOARD"" page, click ""DASHBOARD"" at the top left.


Click ""ALL CLASSES"" in the same row/area for whichever event you are attending.



Click the date of the live event.


If you see a countdown clock, wait for the clock to count down and the live event to start.
Click the play arrow when it appears.



Click to allow/activate/run flash or other plugins (if prompted).



Note that there will be a lag of 5-10 seconds between the actual event and the live broadcast or stream.
Close the ""Notes"" panel by clicking the X in the upper right.
Click ""Questions"" (overlapping speech balloons) icon.
   (a) Move mouse over live event video window if you don't see this icon.

          

The ""Questions"" panel will open.



To post a question:
   (a) Click ""NEW QUESTION."" Enter your question in the new question box. Click ""POST QUESTION.""
   (b) For more help, see the following webpage.
            i.  http://help.echo360.org/#t=Student_Guide%2FPosting_Questions_About_Class_Presentations.htm
To respond to a question.
   (a) Click a question. Click ""RESPOND TO THIS QUESTION."" Enter your response in the text box provided. Click ""POST.""
    (b) For more help, see the following webpage.
             i.  http://help.echo360.org/#t=Student_Guide%2FResponding_to_Questions_about_Class_Presentations.htm
To leave the live event:
   (a) Move mouse over live event video window. Click menu icon in upper left. Click ""Exit Classroom.""

         

         

To log out of echo360:
   (a) Click your name in upper right. Click ""LOGOUT.""
Technical Issues?
See the following webpage if you encounter any technical issues.
echo360 -- Troubleshooting Live Broadcast Issues"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Echo360 -- First Use in Bb Learn
First Use in a Bb Learn Course
Click the ""Class Capture"" or ""echo360 Class Recordings"" link in the left-hand course menu in your Bb Learn course. This link is circled in the example screenshot below.
Note that your course will most likely not be called ""INFO-TEST2"" or have the ""Class Capture"" link in the exact same spot in the left-hand course menu.

On the ""Class Capture"" or or ""echo360 Class Recordings"" webpage, click the link under ""Build Content"" with the same subject code and course number.
The link may start with ""echo360 for"" and then list your class's subject code and course number.

You should see an echo360 webpage with the recordings or live broadcasts for your class.
Not seeing the echo360 webpage?
(Safari users only) If you get a message about allowing cookies, set Safari to always allow all cookies. Instructions are below.
Click the ""Safari"" menu.
Click ""Preferences.""
Click ""Privacy.""
Select ""Always allow"" next to ""Cookies and website data.""
Close the ""Security"" window.
Reload the Bb Learn webpage.
Everyone else, or If you a Safari user and still have issues, disable your pop-up blocker for Bb Learn. Instructions are below.
Set your internet browser to allow pop-up tab/windows for Bb Learn (or all websites with Safari). Here's how to do this in all the major internet browsers (in no particular order).
Firefox pop-up disabling
In Firefox, the blocked pop-up message will look like the example screenshot below. Click the ""Preferences"" button shown in the upper-right corner of the example screenshot below. Then click ""Allow pop-ups for learn.dcollege.net."" (Linux Ubuntu 14.04 LTS users will likely need to click ""Preferences,"" then ""Edit Pop-Up Blocker Preferences...,"" enter ""https://learn.dcollege.net"" (note the ""s"" after ""http"") in the ""Address of website:"" field, then click ""Allow"" to allow ""https://learn.dcollege.net"" to have pop-ups, then click ""Save Changes."")
Internet Explorer pop-up disabling
In Internet Explorer 11, the blocked pop-up message will look like the example screenshot below. Click ""Options for this site."" Then click ""Always allow."" You may not need to do anything more for the Echo360.org website for your Bb Learn course to open in a new window, but if you do, proceed to step 4. 

Safari pop-up disabling
In Safari, you will not get a message that pop-ups are blocked. To allow pop-ups, click the ""Safari"" menu, click ""Preferences,"" click ""Security,"" uncheck ""Block pop-up windows,"" and close the ""Security"" window.
Please note that this will allow pop-ups on all websites you visit in Safari.
Safari unfortunately does not allow you to select specific websites where pop-ups are allowed, so you may wish to use a different internet browser if this is an issue for you.
Or, after you are finished with echo360, you can block pop-ups again. To block pop-ups again, click the ""Safari"" menu, click ""Preferences,"" click ""Security,"" check ""Block pop-up windows,"" and close the ""Security"" window.
Chrome pop-up disabling
In Chrome, the blocked pop-up message will look like the example screenshot below. Click on the pop-up blocked icon circled in the example screenshot below. Then select ""Always allow pop-ups from learn.dcollege.net"" and click ""Done."" 
Edge (NOT RECOMMENDED) pop-up disabling
Edge is not recommended for use with Bb Learn or echo360.
If you want to still try to use Edge, then in Edge, the blocked pop-up message will look like the example screenshot below. Click ""Always allow.""

If new tab/window opens (possibly with code on it), close the new tab/window.
Reload the Bb Learn webpage.
If reloading the Bb Learn webpage does not give you access to the echo360 recordings or live broadcast, follow the instructions below.
Click the house icon circled in the example screenshot below.

Repeat steps 1-2 above, and you should then have the echo360.org website for your Bb Learn course open in a new window.
Unless you have set your browser not to save your preferences, you should now only have to do steps 1-2 to access the echo360.org website through Bb Learn.
But look below for additional assistance if needed.
Trouble with echo360
If you have any problems with echo360 after following the above instructions, see the following webpages:
echo360 -- Troubleshooting Live Broadcast Issues
echo360 -- Troubleshooting Recording Playback Issues"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Zoom not working and Troubleshooting
Basic Troubleshooting
Make sure webcam is not covered.
Uninstall Zoom completely from the computer Zoom isn't working on.
How to uninstall in Windows 10.
Download & install Zoom again.
Use the SSO or Single-sign on option to sign in.
Screenshare Shortcut Key
If someone cannot figure out how to screenshare, especially if you are trying to assist them, tell them to use the following shortcut key combination
Alt + S
Tell them to press and hold the Alt key. And then keep the Alt key held down, while they tap the S key once. Repeat these instructions slowy for a non-tech savvy user.
This shortcut allows the user to screen-share without having to find the share button
Echoes and Sound Artifacts
If possible, use a headset with a microphone, or AirPods or very good alternatives.
NO cheap bluetooth headphones with mics!
Your own external speakers play audio that the microphone picks up.
And others in the meeting could have the same thing going on.
It's a lot for echo cancellation to handle at times.
AirPods or headsets reduce what microphones pick-up, except for your own voice.
Everyone in the same physical room as the host user
should *mute their computer microphones and computer speaker volume.*

The host user is the exception.
The host user should NOT mute their computer microphone and computer speakers...
UNLESS the host use is using a phone or speakerphone for audio.
Then the host indeed should mute their computer microphone & computer speakers.
Zoom Lags or Freezes or Audio is Delayed
Try one or more of these suggestions.
All hosts, presenters, panelists, or participants:
mute your audio if you are not speaking much.
All hosts, presenters, panelists, or participants:
turn off your video, unless truly needed.
Instructors or others requiring video to appear may need to be flexible on that requirement.
If someone is screen sharing, have that person stop,
and adjust the resolution on their computer to 1920 x 1080p (or i) or below.
Then re-share screen.
Any scaling you choose is fine.
Close any open applications or browser tabs or windows not needed for the meeting.
Closing non-essential apps in the lower right (System Tray) in Windows,
or upper right (Menu Bar) in Mac, if you can.
Click the ^ in Windows (lower right) and right-click.
Close any messaging apps, Adobe apps, Microsoft apps not needed for this meeting.
Leave the Zoom meeting.
Update the Zoom app installed on your computer.
Re-enter the meeting.
Try updating Zoom. See link below.
Zoom Updating or Updates
Participants on their own personal WiFi network
might to try shutting down any other devices
on their personal WiFi network
to increase the overall available bandwidth.
Recovering a Deleted a Scheduled Meeting or a Recording
Zoom -- Recover Deleted Meeting or Recording
Invalid Meeting ID or Invalid Meeting Number Error
Zoom -- Invalid Meeting ID or Invalid Meeting Number
Zoom Crashes
Try one or more of these suggestions.
See what we suggest in the Zoom Lags or Freezes or Audio is Delayed section above.
If you are using another application, and Zoom is crashing:
uninstall/reinstall that application.
Use with OneNote has been an issue at times. Close OneNote.
Close and use less than 8 tabs in whatever web browser you have. 
Removing unknown or unused add-ons and extensions and clearing cache/history can help.
Link below has instructions.
Clear Browser Cache & History.
Do not use ""Gallery"" mode. It is resource intensive.
More info:
https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us/articles/201362323-Changing-the-video-layout-Active-Speaker-View-and-Gallery-View-
Uninstall & reinstall Zoom.
Reboot your device.
In the Zoom app, go to
Settings > Video Settings > Advanced.
Under ""Use hardware acceleration for"", uncheck ALL option.
If you still have problems after trying all the above,
try to change ""Video Rendering Method"" to ""Direct3D11.""
You may also want to Google this:
Best Zoom Video Rendering Method
and include the make, model, and/or OS of your computer in the search phrase.
If the above does not help, doing a more thorough update of drives, BIOS,
and such can help in Windows.
See link below.
Properly Update Windows 10 & Drivers in Windows 10
If nothing above helps, or you need other help with Drexel CCI classes or meetings, please reach out to ihelp@drexel.edu for further assistance."
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Zoom -- Missing or Lost or Deleted Zoom Recordings
Instructions
Login to https://drexel.zoom.us


Login if prompted, and click ""Recordings"" in the left nav. 
Check under the ""Cloud Recordings"" tab first.
""Cloud Recordings"" in Drexel Zoom takes 126 days to expire.

Then the ""Local Recordings"" tab second.


""Cloud Recordings"" in Drexel Zoom are ALSO automatically backed up (separate copy) to Drexel Kaltura Streams at https://drexel.edu/it/streams.


Login, if prompted, to Drexel Kaltura Streams.
Click ""My Media.""
Search or browse what is there.

Very Old Zoom Recordings May Be in OneDrive.
If it's a really old recording, from June 9, 2021 or so or before, you might find it in OneDrive.
Go to https://portal.office.com .Login if prompted.
Click the 9-dot icon in the upper left.
Click ""OneDrive.""
And look for a ""Zoom Recordings"" folder.

Notes & Troubleshooting
If you saved the recording to a Drexel computer, and OneDrive was set-up on it, it's possible OneDrive was set to backup your Desktop, Documents, and Downloads. 
It's possible you can use the above instructions to get to OneDrive on the web and look in your deleted items there and see if the recording is there or in a space where deleted items are kept for a bit before they are truly purged.
If you still can't find the recording, contact zoomadmin@drexel.edu, and see if they can assist in locating the recording. "
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Drexel CCI Remote Desktop Access to Work Computer
Mac remote access to Mac
Mac remote access to Mac -- Setting up a Mac computer for remote access to another Mac
Windows Computer Access via Microsoft Remote Desktop
Microsoft Remote Desktop -- Mac access to Windows computer
Microsoft Remote Desktop -- Set up Win PC for Remote Desktop access through Mac
Microsoft Remote Desktop -- Windows Access to a Windows Computer
Microsoft Remote Desktop -- Set up Win PC for Remote Desktop access
Troubleshooting Remote Desktop"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
echo360 -- Rebooting echo360 Devices in CCI Classrooms
Here is how CCI iCommons or uCommons staff can reboot an echo360 SafeCapture HD device.
All CCI classrooms have an echo360 SafeCapture HD device in them or near them. This is the device that allows for recording, storing, and streaming video and audio feeds from CCI classrooms for events and class recordings.
These devices should be rebooted once a week, when nothing is being recorded.
Rebooting an echo360 device can also often technical issues with recordings or live broadcasts.
Echo360 takes 10 minutes or so to fully reboot. The live video stream and recording will start immediately afterwards again, but there will be a 10 minute or so gap.
To reboot an echo360 device, do the following.
     1. Grab the podium key.
          (a) Ask the co-op or John McNamara or another student assistant if you don't know where to find this key.
     2. Bring a cellphone with a flashlight option or a flashlight.
     3. Enter the CCI classroom, and open up the back of the podium with the key.For SC 326 (3401 Market Street), go instead to the small equipment room on the same floor and open up the small server rack.
          (a) Ask the co-op or John McNamara or another student assistant if you don't know where this room is.
     4. Find the echo360 device, turn the switch off on the back right of the device, wait 10 seconds, and turn the switch on again.
          (a) If you have trouble finding the echo360 device, look at the front of the podium for a device labeled echo360, then figure where that device would be located when viewed from behind.
           
     5. Lock up the podium. That's it."
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Camtasia -- Quizzes and Importing into Bb Learn
First, we VERY HIGHLY recommend building your Quizzes in Kaltura Drexel Streams rather than using Camtasia.
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Quizzes in Videos
Camtasia most certainly can be used for screen recording, video recording, and video editing.
But we do not recommend using the test or quiz function in Camtasia. There are hard to resolve technical issues if something goes wrong with a Camtasia quiz imported into Bb Learn.
If you do go that route, here are instructions for how to get the quiz into Bb Learn.
Basically, when you are finished editing the video in Camtasia, and have added the quiz(zes) in Camtasia, and you go to Share > Local File > MP4 with Smart Player (up to 1080p) > Next > Report quiz results using SCORM (I left SCORM options on defaults, but feel free to experiment) and do not check “Report quiz results through email” > Next > choose “Folder” and rename if wish and check “Organize produced files into sub-folders” and “Show production results” but do not check “Play video after production (before upload)” > “Finish.”
Go into the newly created folder with your video on your computer, find the .zip file and note the location. Go to Bb Learn and one of your “Week” areas or a similar area with a “Build Content” button/menu and click Build Content > Content Package (SCORM) > Browse My Computer > find the folder with .zip file and select and upload it > Submit. Wait for upload, possibly a while with no visual indication of progress. Fill in options on form that appears. You do not need to make it gradeable. I recommend putting in the “Description” box or “Title” that this is a video with quiz and to click link to play. Then click Submit. New items appears at bottom of pages (unless no items on page). Play video.
Disable pop-up blocker if no video plays. Chrome or Firefox may work better than Safari. Edge and IE are not recommended.
If you don’t need the quizzes graded, I highly recommend making the quizzes in Kaltura directly, after uploading the video by itself into the Kaltura Drexel Streams tool in Bb Learn, or at https://drexel.edu/it/streams . There are more available functions in DrexelOne, FYI. You can distribute any videos uploaded in DrexelOne’s Kaltura to Bb Learn in much the same way as uploading directly to Bb Learn (just don’t create a new video, select from available)."
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Drexel CCI Zoom Virtual Background
See Drexel Zoom Virtual Background"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Editing Echo360 Class Recordings
If you now set Echo360 class capture recording that is still processing to be unavailable, it will be unavailable still when it finishes processing.
First, click the Class Capture link in your course, and enter the Echo360 page in your course. If you have never done this before, see Echo360 First Use in Bb Learn.
Then, you may wish to make the recording unavailable. If so, see the following link.
https://learn.echo360.com/hc/en-us/articles/360035406771-Making-Content-Available-or-Unavailable-to-Students
To edit the recording, see the following link.
https://learn.echo360.com/hc/en-us/articles/360035035812-Editing-Videos
""If you are an Instructor, you can select to edit videos from Content home page or from the Class List page. The instructions below access the editor from the content details page."""
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Zoom System Requirements, plus What If No Webcam or Microphone
System Requirements
Zoom works on Windows, Mac, iPad/iPadOS, iPhone/iOS, Amazon Fire OS, ChromeOS, and Linux
Here are the minimum system requirements
https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us/articles/201362023-System-Requirements-for-PC-Mac-and-Linux
If No Webcam or Microphone
If you do not have a USB webcam, here are some other options.

Students can use a cellphones or tablets. Or buy a cheap Android phone or Amazon Fire Tablet.
Zoom says it works on:
Android, iOS, iPadOS, ChromeOS, Amazon Fire OS, Windows, Mac, Linux (Ubuntu, Debian, Mint and more).
And we've personally tested:
Windows, Mac, Android, iOS, iPadOS, ChromeOS, and Amazon Fire OS.
All work fine. All support Zoom.
All could be used to provide a webcam in addition
You can be in a Zoom meeting with 2 devices at the same time.
BUT you should *ONLY CONNECT AUDIO ON ONE*.
For things to prop up your cellphone or tablet on the cheap,
check out Wire Book Displays.
Or  just prop your device up with books or something.
Using Zoom on Mobile Devices
Zoom -- Use on Android and iPad, iPhone, or iOS"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Zoom -- Advanced Instructions
Help Center
https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us
Video Tutorials
https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us/articles/206618765-Zoom-Video-Tutorials
Meeting ID and Meeting Quality Stats during Meeting
Zoom -- Get Meeting ID and Meeting Quality Stats during Meeting
 Multiple Presenters on Multiple Computers in Same Room
Zoom -- Multiple Presenters on Multiple Computers in the Same Room
Connect Microphone and Video Camera by USB or CCI Classroom
Zoom -- Connecting to Microphone and Video Camera by USB or in the CCI Classroom
Linux Use
https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us/articles/204206269-Installing-Zoom-on-Linux
Our support for Zoom on Linux is limited to Ubuntu.
Outlook Plugin or Add-in for Zoom
Zoom -- Outlook Plug-in or Add-in for Zoom
Virtual Walk In Hours or Zoom Link Publicly Posted
Zoom -- Tips for Virtual Walk-In Meetings or if Zoom Link on Public Website
Non-Drexel People Can Get Free Zoom Account
Non-Drexel people do *NOT* need to sign in to join a Zoom meeting usually. They just need a Zoom meeting link or ID.
They can do this to try out Zoom before a real meeting.
Visit https://zoom.us
Drexel students, staff, and faculty should *NOT* do this.
Register for a free Zoom account.
Host a meeting yourself.
Interfaces for free and Pro Zoom accounts are identical.
If you need additional help with this, see the following webpage.
Zoom -- Set-up a Free Zoom Account
Need to Sign Out, Drexel CCI Users?
Closing your internet browser will sign you out, of course.
Click the ""Drexel University"" logo in the upper left in the Zoom webpage.

Click ""Sign In Standard.""

Click ""SIGN OUT"" in the upper right.

Additional Helpful Info -- Drexel VCAP's page on Zoom
https://drexel0.sharepoint.com/sites/IT-VCaPBlog/SitePages/Zoom.aspx
Polling
Polling
Zoom Webinars 
Webinars for Large Virtual Meetings or Talks or Lectures"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
ActivePresenter Screen Recorder
Introduction and Download
Introduction
""ActivePresenter"" is screen recording software that is free for personal and non-commercial use. (There are versions that cost money as well.) With it, you can record video of anything on your computer display's desktop, record audio from a built-in or connected microphone, and record video from a built-in or connected webcam.
There is no time limit on recordings, but the longer and more involved the recording, the more storage space the recording will take up on your computer or wherever you choose to store it.
Download
Install ""ActivePresenter"" free edition from the webpage below.
https://atomisystems.com/activepresenter/free-edition/
Instructions
Written Instructions
https://atomisystems.com/tutorials/ap7/start-and-stop-recording-activepresenter-7/
Screen Recorder - Video Instructions
https://1513041.mediaspace.kaltura.com/media/Active+Presenter+1st+Video+-+Video+Screen+Recorder/1_ogrdav1u
Video Editor - Video Instructions
https://1513041.mediaspace.kaltura.com/media/Active+Presenter+2nd+Video+-+Video+Editor/1_7u51cl9i
Software Simulation Recorder - Video Instructions
Not recommended unless you are doing little to no editing of the video.
https://1513041.mediaspace.kaltura.com/media/Active+Presenter+3rd+Video+-+Software+Simulation+Recording/1_vgsde4h4
Alternate Video Instructions
Alternate option: https://atomisystems.com/demo/start-recording-session/
The video is older, but you can record from your webcam too.
IMPORTANT INFO
To remove annotations on videos or slides about where you clicked:
Click ActivePresenter > Project > Batch Operations > Delete Objects.
Select All under ""Annotations, Interactions, Messages.
Deselect ""Image"" and ""Video"" and ""Audio"" under ""Annotations,"" and click OK.
To record computer audio, see the following:
https://atomisystems.com/tutorials/recording-system-sound-mac-os-x/
Basically, you install another app called ""Background Music"" or ""Sound Flower,"" which provides greater control of audio on your Mac.
Not seeing Active Presenter appear?
Click an empty spot on your desktop, then try re-opening the ActivePresenter application, or selecting it if open on your Dock toolbar at the bottom of the screen.
Additional Help
See the following webpage for help with simultaneous webcam and video display instructions:
https://atomisystems.com/tutorials/ap7/recording-webcam-activepresenter-7/
Alternative Written Step-by-Step Instructions
Open ""ActivePresenter.""
Click ""New Capture.""
Enter a ""Name"" for the project.
To find exported videos later, note the location where this project is on your computer in the ""Save in"" field. -- Click ""Browse"" to change.
Select ""Record Movie/Streaming Video."" -- If you want both slides and a video created, select ""Smart Capture With Auto FMR.""
Choose ""Full Screen"" or a ""Custom"" section of your computer display.
Under ""Audio Input,"" choose the ""Device"" or microphone that will pick up the audio.
Make sure the green level indicator moves as you speak. -- If it still does not work, choose another ""Device"" under ""Audio Input.""
Then click the big red circle to start the screen recording.
  (a) First-time Mac users ONLY: When used for first time on a Mac, you'll be prompted to adjust the ""Accessibility"" section under System Preferences >  Security & Privacy > Privacy to allow ""Active Presenter"" to control your computer. It's safe to do this. You may need to click the lock icon and enter your Mac's password on the ""Security & Privacy"" windows to check the box next to ""ActivePresenter."" Click the lock again to lock the settings. Then close the ""Security & Privacy"" window.
To start/stop the recording, click the ""ActivePresenter"" icon, and choose the appropriate option.
  (a) On a Mac, the ""ActivePresenter"" icon is at the top of your computer display.
  (b) In Windows, the ""ActivePresenter"" icon is in the lower right of the computer display. -- You may need to click the ^ to see this icon.
Stop the recording when finished making your screen recording. -- Or stop if you run into technical issues.
Click the ""EXPORT"" tab at the top of the ""ActivePresenter"" window.
Click ""Video.""
Choose ""MP4"" for format.
Choose where to save the video by clicking ""Browse.""
Click ""OK.""
If you made slides too in ActivePresenter with your video, to export the slides:
  (a) Click the ""EXPORT"" tab at the top of the ""ActivePresenter"" window.
  (b) Click ""Microsoft PowerPoint"" or ""Adobe PDF.""
  (c) Check the ""Output File"" field to see where the slides will end up.
  (d) Click ""Browse"" to change this location.
  (e) Click ""Yes"" if you want to view the ""Output"" now.
Optional Advanced Instructions
Record Audio from Microphone and System Audio
https://atomisystems.com/demo/recording-audio-microphone-system-audio/
Add Comments to Video
https://atomisystems.com/demo/adding-comment-video/
Editing the Video
https://atomisystems.com/demo/editing-recorded-video/
Other Demo Videos
https://atomisystems.com/demo/page/2/
Adding Video and Audio Files to Bb Learn -- Instructors Only
Instructors and course assistants can add video or audio to Bb Learn. See the webpage below for instructions.
Adding Media to Bb Learn via Kaltura or Drexel Streams
Captioning and Transcripts
Providing captioning for videos you create is highly recommended.
See Captions."
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Zoom -- Frequently Asked Questions
See https://drexel.edu/it/help/a-z/zoom/zoomfaq/ for FAQs for Drexel Zoom."
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Zoom -- Recording -- Share or Download from Zoom or Kaltura Drexel Streams
Quick Instructions
You can just record yourself in a Zoom meeting your schedule.
Or you can record a meeting with others, if you are doing group work.
Do a 30-second test recording first.
Make sure your mic is picking up sound in the recording.
Make sure you screenshare if you need to demonstrate something on your computer.
Turn on your webcam in Zoom if you need to record yourself.
Below is how to enable/use the cloud/online recording option in Zoom.
https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us/articles/203741855-Cloud-recording
Record to the Cloud (Online) in Zoom
Personal Meeting Room recordings may NOT be automatically uploaded to Drexel Streams (Kaltura).
In that case, see the ""Download Recording in Zoom"" section below.
When you record a Zoom meeting, you have 2 options.
""Record to the computer""
""Record to the cloud""
We recommend ""Record to the Cloud.""
Drexel Zoom Pro recordings made to the cloud are backed up to Drexel Streams (Kaltura).
And the recordings are more easily accessible and less likely to be lost in the cloud.
We'll cover how to find/obtain either option here.
Do NOT edit recordings in Zoom.
They are not real edits.
When you download from Zoom, your unedited video will be downloaded, not your edited video.
Find Recordings in Zoom
Visit https://drexel.zoom.us in a web browser.
(Google Chrome, Mozilla Firefox, Microsoft Edge, Apple Safari, etc.)
Sign in on the Drexel Connect screen (if prompted).
Approve MFA if prompted.
Click ""Recordings"" in left nav.
If you recorded to your computer:
The Local Recordings tabs you what computer name and folder path to find where the recording was saved.
If you moved the recording on that computer later on, then this info may not be accurate.
If you're not sure of your computer's name, check each of the computer's you use.
If you record to the cloud:
The Cloud Recordings tab will list your recordings in the Zoom's cloud storage system.
Recordings to Cloud for Drexel Zoom are kept for 126 days in the Zoom cloud. Then deleted.
Recordings to Cloud for Drexel Zoom are also automatically backed up to Drexel Streams (Kaltura).
The Drexel Streams (Kaltura) copy remains indefinitely.
Share or Download Recordings
You can Share or Download these recordings in a few ways.
Download from Zoom
Share from Drexel Streams (Kaltura)
Download from Drexel Streams (Kaltura) is Complicated
We'll cover each in turn below.
Download Recording in Zoom
https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us/articles/205347605-Managing-and-sharing-cloud-recordings
Downloading is highly recommended from Zoom.
Sharing from Zoom is NOT recommended.
See next section: ""Share from Drexel Streams (Kaltura)""
Editing in Zoom is NOT recommended. 
Once a video is uploaded to Kaltura or Drexel Streams, you can easily add it to Bb Learn.
See Adding Media to Bb Learn via Kaltura or Drexel Streams
Or again, see next section: ""Share from Drexel Streams (Kaltura)""
See section on OpenShot, Camtasia, and other options below.
Share from Drexel Streams (Kaltura)
Sharing Kaltura Audio or Video with Non-Drexel Users or Anyone
Download from Drexel Streams (Kaltura) is Complicated
Notes
Downloading Drexel Streams or Kaltura video is NOT necessary, generally, if you record to cloud (except for Personal Meetings).
You can play Drexel Streams or Kaltura videos fine in your web browser.
If you are not the creator/owner of the video, downloading a video is complicated.
Downloading video is not necessary for submitting assignments, generally.
Few instructors need it. A few may want it, and will tell you that, but very, very, very few will actually need it.
Recordings cannot be downloaded from an embedded player window in Bb Learn.
Links to the video on the Drexel Streams website can allow downloads.
More information at link below.
Kaltura Drexel Streams -- Allow Downloads"
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Turning Downloads Off for your Class
Introduction
Instructors have the option of preventing students from downloading Echo360 recordings of classes.
This will also prevent instructors from being able to download Echo360 recordings.
If an echo360 Class Capture Area is in Your Bb Learn Course Shell
If the left-hand course menu in your Bb Learn course shell does has a ""echo Class Capture"" link, then do the following:
Follow the normal procedure to get to your class's Echo360 recordings.
If don't know how to do this, or run into any trouble, see the following webpage.
echo360 -- First Use in Bb Learn
On ""DASHBOARD"" page, find the class for which you want to shut off downloads, and click the ""ALL CLASSES"" button in that class's row/section.
Hover over the class, and the ""ALL CLASSES"" button will no longer be grayed out.
Click ""Settings.""
Click ""Features.""
Uncheck the box for ""CONTENT DOWNLOADS.""
Click ""OK"" in the pop-up window.
If No echo360 Class Capture Area is in Your Bb Learn Course Shell
If the left-hand course menu in your Bb Learn course shell does *not* have a ""echo Class Capture"" link, then do the following:
Login to https://echo360.org in a new internet browser tab or window.
Your login email address is going to be your long form Drexel email address.
For example: Mike Galloway's long form Drexel email address is michael.j.galloway@drexel.edu.
Your password is going to be your Bb Learn or DrexelOne password, unless you changed it in Echo360
If you forgot your password, or have password problems, click the ""Forgot your password?"" link on the https://echo360.org webpage.
If you do not know your long form Drexel email address, here's how to find it.
Login to Bb Learn at http://learn.drexel.edu using your DrexelOne username and password.
Click your name in the upper right corner of the Bb Learn webpage.
Click ""Settings.""
Click ""Personal Information.""
Click ""Edit Personal Information.""
Copy your email address.
Note that you cannot change your email address or password in Bb Learn.
Click ""Cancel.""
On ""DASHBOARD"" page, find the class for which you want to shut off downloads, and click the ""ALL CLASSES"" button in that class's row/section.
Hover over the class, and the ""ALL CLASSES"" button will no longer be grayed out.
Click ""Settings.""
Click ""Features.""
Uncheck the box for ""CONTENT DOWNLOADS.""
Click ""OK"" in the pop-up window."
"Contact The CCI Helpdesk
Printing at CCI Commons -- MacOS
MacOS Instructions
Go to apple icon > ""System Preferences"" > ""Printers & Scanners.""
Click the + in the lower right hand corner to start adding the CCI Commons printer(s).


Now make sure you are on the network ""globe"" icon at the top in order to add the printer through hostname/IP address.


After that, you will need to type in either CCICommonsPrint.cci.drexel.edu ---or--- CCICommonsPrint2.cci.drexel.edu

Once you are done typing in that address, you can click the ""Add"" button. You do not need to change any other settings on this screen.

On the next screen, make sure to check the box for ""Duplex Printing Unit.""


After you hit ""Ok"" you can rename the printer by right clicking on the column. Type in whatever you want to name it, but the recommended name is:


If you want to add the other secondary printer, the process is the same, but the hostname is CCICommonsPrint2.cci.drexel.edu

You are all set for Mac printing!
Troubleshooting
For single and double-sided instructions look at Printing Single and Double-sided in browser
If you have any further questions, feel free to ask at the CCI Commons Helpdesk & a Student Assistant will be happy to help you get the printer added to your laptop.
Also, questions can be emailed to ihelp@drexel.edu, if you are a CCI student, staff, or faculty member."
